Bitcoin is no different from any other high-risk investment in terms of its practical application
Bitcoin prices are extremely volatile, rising and falling at a rapid rate.
One of the most significant drawbacks of investing in Bitcoin is the lack of regulatory oversight
Cryptocurrency laws and taxes differ from country to country and are often ambiguous or contentious.
A lack of regulations, unfortunately, can lead to fraud and scams.
Bitcoins are effectively "gone" if a hard drive crashes or a virus corrupts records, and the wallet file is corrupted.
There is no way to safeguard your bitcoins from human or technological errors.
If you mess up your bitcoin wallet, you will lose all of your bitcoins.
The Bitcoin framework may have bugs that have yet to be discovered
if Bitcoins were widely implemented and a bug was discovered, it might result in enormous wealth for the exploiter at the expense of the Bitcoin economy.
There is no governing body in charge of bitcoin's functionality. As a result, if you have any concerns or problems, you will be unable to complain to anyone else.
Speculators want to profit from it, but genuine investors see it as too dangerous, so no one invests in Bitcoins.
As a digital technology, cryptocurrencies will be subject to cybersecurity breaches, and may fall into the hands of hackers.
We have already seen evidence of this, with multiple ICOs getting breached and costing investors hundreds of millions of dollars this summer alone (one of these attacks by itself resulted in the loss of $473 million).
Increased adoption should also increase consumer confidence and decrease this volatility.
Even if we perfect the technology and get rid of all the problems listed above, until the technology is adopted by federal governments and regulated, there will be increased risk in investing in this technology.
one could argue that bitcoin has a poor record of providing diversification benefits when they are most needed. 
Whilst it is true that the number of bitcoins produced will eventually be capped at 21 million and many other cryptocurrencies also have limited supply built into their protocols, there is currently nothing to stop an ever-growing number of new cryptocurrencies from being launched.
cryptocurrency supply is potentially limitless. It is also worth noting that several central banks are exploring the possibility of launching their own digital currencies, something that may take the shine off privately issued versions.
the number of places where one can exchange cryptocurrencies for real goods or services remains very limited.
When goods are bought using Bitcoins, and the seller doesn’t send the promised goods, nothing can be done to reverse the transaction.
Since Bitcoins do not have a physical form, it cannot be used in physical stores. It would always have to be converted to other currencies.
Since there is no central authority governing cryptocurrencies, no one can guarantee its minimum valuation.
If companies or consumers move to a new cryptocurrency from you or stop using digital currencies entirely, it could lose value and become worthless.
Cryptocurrency can be a risky investment and you should only consider investing if you're financially equipped and willing to lose any money that you put into it.
it’s hard for the government to trace down any user by their wallet address or keep tabs on their data.
cryptocurrency has been used as a mode of payment (exchanging money) during many illegal deals in the past, like buying drugs on the dark web. 
Although cryptocurrencies are known for their feature of being decentralized, the flow and amount of some currencies within the market are still controlled by their creators and some organizations.
Some cryptocurrencies can only be traded in one or some fiat currencies,It forces the user to convert these currencies into one all told the most currencies, like Bitcoin or Ethereum first and then through other exchanges, to their desired currency ,By doing this, the extra transaction fees are added within the method, costing unnecessary money.
Mining cryptocurrencies require plenty of computational power and electricity input, making it highly energy-intensive.
Ripple offered what it claimed was a secure system of cross-border transactions. Its operations were based on XRP,The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) disagreed and filed suit against Ripple, claiming the company had violated securities regulations. The SEC argued Ripple’s XRP was not a real cryptocurrency, and instead a way to functionally defraud investors.
There are tens of thousands of dollars of real money locked in computers because the owners do not know how to recover them.
Blockchain technology is relatively new and hard to understand. As a result, it is often marketed as a modern-day snake oil that can cure all ills.
Many small employers pay employees in cryptocurrencies to avoid liability for payroll taxes and help their workers avoid income tax liability, while online sellers often accept cryptocurrencies to avoid sales and income tax liability.
Influencers like Elon Musk can uplift any crpyto currency , doge coin was a meme currency but Elon Musk lifted it beacuse many people follow him!
Crypto currencies works on how many people buy and sell , the more number of people buy ,the higher the price of that coin will go , thus people with lot of money can control the crpyto currency.

