we can pay this global coin to somone without thinking of it's future value.
cryptocurrency cannot be fake but cash bill can be fake.
It is safe from theft of physical money and i cannot be stolen unlike cash.
cryptocurrency is not dependent on any political activities/ government or any country.
It is decentralized so that people won't be scammed.
cryptocurrency is hard to lose and cannot be destroyed.
cryptocurrency does not rely on particular situation/time of any country.
It provides extra option for storing money.
It removes the need of third party manager like paypal.
Blockchain system is a cool science so we should try cryptocurrency even if it fails.
Cryptocurrency can be used globally without any transaction fee.
There is no additional cost for storing cryptocurrency while cash needs some additional cost to protect physical money.
Transferring speed of crypto is much more than any fund.
Government of any country cannot devalue everyone's savings.
Digital currency doesn't use trees, so it doesn't destroy ecosystems or increase global warming.
Cryptocurrency is a digital money which does not require any metal like coins thus it saves natural resources.

In traditional business dealings, brokers, agents, and legal representatives can add significant complication and expense to what should otherwise be a straightforward transaction.
There’s paperwork, brokerage fees, commissions, and any number of other special conditions which may apply.

One of the advantages of cryptocurrency transactions is that they are one-to-one affairs, taking place on a peer-to-peer networking structure that makes “cutting out the middle man” a standard practice.
This leads to greater clarity in establishing audit trails, less confusion over who should pay what to whom, and greater accountability, in that the two parties involved in a transaction each know who they are.

One financial analyst describes the cryptocurrency blockchain as resembling a “large property rights database,” which can on one level be used to execute and enforce two-party contracts on commodities like automobiles or real estate.
But the blockchain cryptocurrency ecosystem may also be used to facilitate specialist modes of transfer.

For example, cryptocurrency contracts can be designed to add third party approvals, make reference to external facts, or be completed at a specified date or time in the future.
And since you as the cryptocurrency holder have exclusive governance of your account, this minimizes the time and expense involved in making asset transfers.

Under cash/credit systems, your entire transaction history may become a reference document for the bank or credit agency involved, each time you make a transaction.
At the simplest level, this might involve a check on your account balances, to ensure that sufficient funds are available.
For more complex or business-critical transactions, a more thorough examination of your financial history might be required.

Another one of the great advantages of cryptocurrency is that each transaction you make is a unique exchange between two parties, the terms of which may be negotiated and agreed in each case.
What’s more, the exchange of information is done on a “push” basis, whereby you can transmit exactly what you wish to send to the recipient – and nothing besides that.

This guards the privacy of your financial history and protects you from the threat of account or identity theft which is greater under the traditional system, where your information may be exposed at any point in the transaction chain.

You’ve no doubt read your monthly account statements from the bank or credit card company, and balked at the level of fees imposed for writing checks, transferring funds, or breathing in the general direction of the finance houses involved.
Transaction fees can take a significant bite out of your assets – especially if you’re performing a lot of transactions in a month.

Since the data miners (remote and separate computer systems) that do the number crunching which generates Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies receive their compensation from the cryptocurrency network involved, transaction fees usually don’t apply.

There may be some external fees involved if you engage the services of a third-party management service to maintain your cryptocurrency wallet, but another one of the advantages of cryptocurrency is that they are still likely to be much less than the transaction charges incurred by traditional financial systems.

Digital data transfer and the internet are the media facilitating the exchange in cryptocurrencies.
So these services are potentially available to anyone who has a viable data connection, some knowledge of the cryptocurrency networks on offer, and ready access to their relevant websites and portals.

It’s estimated that there are currently 2.2 billion individuals across the world who have access to the Internet or mobile phones, but don’t currently have access to traditional systems of banking or exchange.
The cryptocurrency ecosystem holds the potential to make asset transfer and transaction processing available to this vast market of willing consumers – once the required infrastructure (digital and regulatory) is put in place.

Though largely unrecognized as legal tender on national levels at present, cryptocurrencies by their very nature are not subject to the exchange rates, interest rates, transactions charges, or other levies imposed by a specific country.

And using the peer-to-peer mechanism of the blockchain technology, cross-border transfers and transactions may be conducted without complications over currency exchange fluctuations, and the like.

In a traditional banking or credit card system, you effectively turn stewardship of your funds over to a third party that can exercise the power of life or death over your assets. Accounts may be closed without notice for infringements of a financial institution’s Terms of Service – requiring you as the account holder to jump through hoops in order to get yourself back into the system.

Perhaps the greatest of all advantages of cryptocurrency is that unless you’ve delegated management of your wallet over to a third party service, you are the sole owner of the corresponding private and public encryption keys that make up your cryptocurrency network identity or address.

There are currently over 1200 unique cryptocurrencies or altcoins in circulation worldwide.
Many are quite ephemeral, but a significant proportion have been created for specific use cases that illustrate the flexibility of the cryptocurrency phenomenon.

For example, there are “privacy coins” which help mask your identity on the blockchain, and supply chain tokens which can facilitate supply chain operations for various types of industries.

Once a cryptocurrency transfer has been authorized, it can’t be reversed as in the case of the “charge-back” transactions allowed by credit card companies.
This is a hedge against fraud which requires a specific agreement to be made between a buyer and seller regarding refunds in the event of a mistake or returns policy.

Finally, the strong encryption techniques employed throughout the distributed ledger (blockchain) and cryptocurrency transaction processes are a safeguard against fraud and account tampering, and guarantors of consumer privacy.


It only takes a few minutes to send any amount of money.
Regardless of the amount or the destination.
Making a move to another part of the world through your bank can be extremely expensive.
When done in bitcoins, the cost is either negligible or non-existent.
Bitcoins can be sent to any nation on the planet.
Bitcoin, like the Internet and e-mail, has no geographical limitations.
This, combined with the assurance of protecting its users' rights, makes Bitcoin the first truly global currency.
The right to make payments is the most significant benefit that bitcoin investors gain from participating in the trading market.
They can send and receive bitcoin payments at any time, from anywhere, and with no restrictions.
Also, almost all payment options are available, so you can easily choose one to get your hands on bitcoin.

Bitcoin cannot be regulated or valued by any government or central bank, and it cannot be created or distributed by any government or central bank.
The currency is depoliticized with Bitcoin because it is created by the people, removing the power that FIAT money has over the population.
There is no third-party interference.
No one has the authority to freeze, charge, or demand your coins.
They can't be stolen, and the government can't seize them in any conditions.
Bitcoin transactions, on the other hand, do not necessitate the disclosure of any confidential information.
They instead use two keys: a public and a private key.


Bitcoins enable buyers to complete transactions without disclosing any confidential financial information to the seller.
Bitcoins are just like digital cash that hackers can't get their hands on in any way.
At the same time, your true identity is hidden for good.
This goes a long way toward avoiding targeted data breaches like the one at the UPS Store.
In the case of BTC, consumers benefit from anonymity because all of their data is kept confidential and stored using blockchain technology.
Transparency, on the other hand, allows users to conduct transactions in their own time and with complete freedom.
The great thing about BTC is that it gives users complete power over it, as well as the ability to keep their coins safe and stable.
Another important point is that since the whole transaction is built on blockchain technology, users should expect high levels of security.



