As a world still dominated by patriarchy struggles with a deadly pandemic, the countries that have successfully navigated the global COVID-19 pandemic are distinguished by the gender of their leadership.  Across the world, countries headed by women and representing diverse cultures—from Germany, Norway, and Finland, to Taiwan, New Zealand, and Namibia—have managed the crisis more effectively, with fewer fatalities and less livelihood loss than others. But what distinguishes these health winners is not just the female shape of their leaders but the feminist shape of their societies. Even more gender-balanced societies headed by men—like Canada—do better in health crises than their less equitable peers like the United States. On the other hand, the most patriarchal countries headed by regressive strongmen do worse at every level of development. Today, we see this in Brazil, which until recently had managed health crises well under less masculinist leadership.
Gender equitable societies are healthier for everyone. As feminism challenges restrictive gender norms, improvements in women’s access to health care, reproductive rights, and protection from violence have positive effects on everyone’s life expectancy and well-being, especially children. A simple scatter plot and a Pearson correlation of the Gender Development Index and the Life Expectancy Index show a positive linear relationship between them. We recognize there are many variables that contribute to those results, but the frequency of cases where gender equitable societies are healthier cannot be ignored.
Gender Development Index and Life Expectan
According to a series on how gender and health intersect published by The Lancet in 2019, countries with a greater share of female physicians have lower maternal and infant mortality rates, as well as greater life expectancy for men and women alike. As feminism produces a more gender-balanced workforce and political representation, countries tend to invest more in health across the board. As the Canadian case showed in a statistical study of 1976 to 2009, the presence of more women in multiple government positions—regardless of political leaning—is associated with larger government spending in health and reduced mortality rates.
Feminism materializes through investment in human capital and caregiving sectors of the economy that improve public health capacity and focus. During this pandemic we have seen the comparative advantages of countries around the world who invested in sectors such as medical research, health services, and manufacturing for health exports. Like Canada, Taiwan introduced a single payer system for healthcare in 1995, which is now helping to contain the pandemic while also sharing best practices with the global health community. Taiwan has been able to not only expand medical technology investment—a signature initiative of the island’s first female President Tsai Ing-Wen—but also to develop  “mask diplomacy” by donating 10 million masks globally. Taiwan even started sharing best medical practices with multiple countries through online seminars, fostering humanitarian solidarity under the slogan #Taiwancanhelp. Taiwan is positioning itself as a model of a feminist democracy.
Feminism is physically healthy because it comes from and encourages socially healthy historic choices and development dynamics. The development patterns that enable women’s empowerment also produce more modern, equitable, and better governed societies with better performance on all dimensions of social well-being. Gender equity is associated with more and better distributed economic growth, which leads to better health systems. The movement from patriarchal structures of social organization to a more feminist open society is associated with a larger middle class, more state capacity, and more pressures for government accountability. Women’s empowerment fosters better development, as lower levels of hierarchy provide political incentives to invest in the broader population, and broader participation drives more spending on public health and children’s needs. Feminist societies are also better for health because they are more collaborative and more effectively governed, which is good for all forms of public policy and crisis adjustment.
Generally more democratic, peaceful, and outward-looking, feminist societies are able to cope with the increasing proportion of globalized health crises. More specifically, more gender-balanced states have more multilateral and humanitarian foreign policies—they invest in global institutions and programs that support global health at home and abroad. Some of these states, such as Taiwan, consciously seek to promote a feminist foreign policy that aspires to advance worldwide gender equity, global cooperation, and holistic human development. Such globalist countries can quickly tap into international knowledge, networks, and resources to manage a border-crossing health crisis. By contrast, macho nationalists operating in isolation from global cooperation in the United States, the United Kingdom, Iran, and Russia have visibly failed to protect their citizens—or even to adjust their supply chains.
The COVID-19 pandemic is adding to the lessons of a generation of global governance and human rights, epitomized in the slogan of the Argentinian activists’ campaign endorsed by the Organization of American States’ Interamerican Commission on Women: “a feminist world is a better world.” Good leadership by strong women is certainly helpful—but in the broader picture of a feminist society, women’s leadership grows from and reinforces equity across all areas of political, economic, and social life. More feminist societies are relatively resilient in the current pandemic because they have more equitable access to social welfare, more effective and accountable governments, more diversified economies with better social safety nets, and more global cooperation for expertise and management. In times of crisis, societies that citizens perceive as fair and caring can draw upon their legitimacy to mobilize social solidarity and absorb short-term sacrifice—as illustrated by citizens’ support for women’s leadership in New Zealand and Germany as they called for tough policies that contained the coronavirus and long-term adjustments that are needed to manage it going forward. A society advancing towards equality for women is good for everyone’s health and well-being; in fact, feminism could save your life.


Feminism may strengthen human rights,
it should also include treating men and women as equal as possible in order to enable everyone with similar chances in life, independent of whether the person is borne as a male or female.
The feminist movement aims to achieve this goal and also raises awareness of this important topic.
This is especially crucial in countries where there is still a big difference between men and women in all parts of daily life and in order to improve the overall chances for women, feminism can be an effective tool to accomplish a higher level of equality.

Feminism leads to less gender  discrimination ,women are often not allowed to work in certain professions or to participate in certain social activities that are still reserved for men.
Also, their overall rights may be quite confined in general.
In order to strengthen the rights of women, the feminist movement can make a big difference since people become more aware of the problem of gender inequality and the overall tolerance in our society towards women may increase significantly.

Feminism promotes gender quotas for various parts of our daily life,
For instance, the vast majority of leading positions in the corporate world are still occupied by men and women are often not present too much.
Moreover, also in politics, there are still far fewer women than men
Even though this changed a little bit over the past years, there might
be still be a need for gender quotas to tackle the inequality issue and to make it more acceptable for women to work in those important positions.

In many countries all over the world, women also often have quite limited access to education
Especially in poor parts of our planet, people often have many kids and parents cannot financially afford to send all of them to school.
Therefore, they have to decide which family members they want to give the opportunity to get proper education and which family members will not get this opportunity.
In many poor countries, there is no social security and parents rely on their children to take care of them once they get old.
Most often, boys will get the opportunity to get education in school since they are better able to provide for the family afterward compared to girls and girls will suffer from a serious lack of education.
In order to give girls a better chance for proper education, it is crucial to raise the awareness on the education topic so that also every girl gets the chance to attend school and to get a certain level of education to have better chances to get out of poverty at one point in time.

In general, the overall level of freedom of women in many countries is still rather low and men usually have much more freedom in general,
Yet freedom is one of our most important goods and should be considered to be a human right, independent of whether you are male or female.
Feminism can help to promote a higher level of freedom for women since it strives for a higher level of equality in all parts of our daily life.

Women are also often treated quite poorly by men in many countries all over the world.
In many regions, women are rather considered more as goods rather than as human beings and men often have learned to treat their women quite poorly.
In many cases, even though women may suffer from quite poor overall living conditions, they are not able to improve their quality of life since they will often be discriminated in all parts of their daily life.
In order to improve the overall conditions for women, feminism can also help in this regard since it promotes equal treatment of men and women and if the overall acceptance regarding this social norm increases, men will tend to treat women much better in general.

Another upside of feminism is that it might lead to higher wages for women In our current state of the world, women still earn far less than men on average.
Even in the case when men and women work in similar jobs, men tend to earn significantly more money.
This can be considered to be quite unfair and feminists often claim that men and women should have equal pay for similar jobs.
Therefore, in order to increase fairness regarding salaries in the corporate world, feminism can play an important role and chances are that wages will become equal for women and men in the long run if feminists continue to work hard on it.

Many women all over the world also suffer in their marriages quite a lot and urgently want to leave their husbands.
However, in many countries, leaving a marriage is not easy at all
Quite often, women even have to fear to be sentenced to prison or even to death.
Therefore, even though they might be stuck in unhappy marriages, women will not have the courage to leave their husbands since they fear the severe consequences that might be associated with divorce.
Feminism might also make it easier for women to leave a marriage since it may lead to a change in laws so that leaving a marriage will no longer be sentenced and women could leave whenever they want to do so.

Females are encouraged to vote ,it is quite important to show political attitude and to have the ability to influence how the future of a country and its local population will look like,
in some countries, women are still not even allowed to vote .
Therefore, it is crucial that as many people as possible have the chance to vote since only then, the preferences and wishes of the majority of the general public will be represented by parliament.
Feminism can also help women to get a right to vote since it promotes the equality of men and women and in case the overall acceptance towards women increases in a society, men will also be more willing to let women participate in elections.

There are also many jobs out there where you will not find too many women at all.
This is especially true in technical professions or in professions that also require plenty of physical work.
While it is undeniable that men have more physical power and it makes sense that those physically demanding jobs are occupied by men, there are many other jobs that could also be carried out by women
Yet, women are often belittled and not accepted in jobs with strong male hierarchies.
Therefore, in order to give women the opportunity to excel in those jobs, feminism might play an important role since it may set the framework so that it is easier for women to start a corporate career in those types of professions.

Feminism aims to raise awareness regarding the equality of men and women in society.
This is crucial so that women are valued more by men, especially in countries where women are still not considered to be equally important compared to men and still suffer from many disadvantages in their daily life.

Since women are still suppressed in many countries all over the globe, their lack of confidence is often significant,
Women are often told by their men that they are worthless and this may translate into serious mental issues over time.
In order to increase the overall confidence levels of women, feminism can play an important role since it promotes equal rights and shows women that they are in fact equally important as men.


Another benefit of feminism is that it can make it easier for women to get a chance for a leading corporate career,the top positions in the corporate world are still mainly occupied by men and even though more women entered the top tier positions in corporations of the past decade, women are still underrepresented in those jobs.
Hence, in order to give women a better chance to get one of those demanding jobs, the feminist movement can help in this regard since it promotes gender quotas and also equal pay.
Therefore, not only the chances to get one of those jobs increases, also the chance for equal pay in those jobs increases through the spread of feminism.

May lead to a more tolerant society,
feminism can also help us to achieve a much more tolerant society,even though many people claim that they are tolerant, the fact of the matter is that words are cheap and when we want to see how tolerant people really are, we have to look at their actions rather than listening to their words.





Healthy mix between men and women may also help companies,it has also been shown by many studies that teams that are composed of men and women work the best in the corporate world.
Thus, even though many people are still skeptical regarding the concept of gender quotas, more women in leading positions may also help corporations to strengthen their market positions and to make higher profits in the long run.


Feminism is not about hating men at all, as Emma Watson so powerfully said in her speech at the UN in support of the ‘HeForShe’ campaign. It is about a basic human right: the equality of men and women As we all know, the reality is painfully different, This is why we need feminism.
Only about 135000 men from all over the world have signed the pledge to help make changes happen so that women and girls no longer face discrimination. Yes, I have signed. Have you? Here is the link to the pledge. We have a long way to go!
“Both men and women should feel free to be sensitive, both men and women should feel free to be strong.” -Emma Watson
What’s wrong with our society? We are gender obsessed. From the moment we are born, we are expected (and indeed forced) into a stereotypical role in line with our sex. Blue for a boy, pink for a girl. It starts early, and even earlier for those who insist on knowing what the gender of their little baby will be.

As scholars of gender inequality in the workplace, we are routinely asked by companies to investigate why they are having trouble retaining women and promoting them to senior ranks. It’s a pervasive problem. Ask people why, and you will hear from the vast majority a lament that goes something like this: High-level jobs require long hours, women’s devotion to family makes it impossible for them to put in those hours, and their careers suffer as a result.
We call this explanation the work/family narrative. Believing this explanation doesn’t mean it’s true, however, and our research calls it into question.
A few years ago, a global consulting firm sought our help in understanding how its culture might be hampering its women employees. Like most other professional services firms, it has few female partners. We worked with the firm for 18 months, during which time we interviewed 107 consultants — women and men, partners and associates. Virtually everybody resorted to some version of the work/family narrative to explain the paucity of female partners.
But as we reported last year with our colleague Erin Reid, the more time we spent with people at the firm, the more we found that their explanations didn’t correspond with the data. Women weren’t held back because of trouble balancing the competing demands of work and family — men, too, suffered from the balance problem and nevertheless advanced. Women were held back because, unlike men, they were encouraged to take accommodations, such as going part-time, which derailed their careers. The real culprit was a general culture of overwork that hurt both men and women and locked gender inequality in place.
On several dimensions, the firm’s data revealed a reality very different from the story employees told us.
Consider retention. Although the firm wanted help addressing “women’s higher turnover rate,” when we took a careful look at its data for the preceding three years, we discovered virtually no difference in turnover rates for women and men Another disconnect: Whereas firm members attributed distress over work/family conflict primarily to women, we found that many men were suffering, too.
Accommodations were another area in which the firm’s narrative and its data didn’t line up. Employees who took advantage of them — virtually all of whom were women — were stigmatized and saw their careers derailed. The upshot for women at the individual level was sacrifices in power, status and income; at the collective level, it meant the continuation of a pattern in which powerful positions remained the purview of men
In a final disconnect, many of those we spoke with described experiences that called into question the work/family narrative’s foundational premise: that 24/7 work schedules are unavoidable. They talked about devoting long hours to practices that were costly and unnecessary, chief among them overselling and overdelivering. Associates felt pressured to go along with these demands for overwork because they wanted to stand out as stars amid their colleagues.
What really held women back was this culture of overwork at the firm. The unnecessarily long hours were detrimental to everyone, but they disproportionately penalized women because, unlike men, many of them take accommodations, which exact a steep career price. All this led us to what we felt was an inescapable conclusion: For the firm to address its gender problem, it would have to address its long-hours problem.
THE PROBLEM FOR MEN
In a long-hours work culture, men have one primary identity: that of an ideal worker, fully committed and fully available. To fit this image, they must adopt the psychological stance of “my job is all-important.” Nonwork identities, no matter how personally meaningful, become contingent and secondary. Naturally, this imperative to be an ideal worker generates internal conflict.
The men we talked to clearly felt guilty about how little time they spent with their families. They told us how much they regretted the time spent away from them. Men employed one key psychological tactic to manage these emotions: They split off their guilt and sadness, projected those feelings onto women at the firm, and identified with them there, at a bit of a remove.
Consider how one man explained women’s lack of advancement in the firm. “I believe deeply in my heart and soul that women encounter different challenges,” he said. It is women, not men, he suggested, who have the parenting experience. Men and women, he said, just have different commitments to work and family.
This man was not alone in setting up women as the organizational bearers of distress about curtailed family time. That psychological defense gave many men at the firm the illusion of a fulfilled life and enabled them to perform as the committed workers the firm valorized.
THE PROBLEM FOR WOMEN
Women experience a different psychic tension. According to the work/family narrative and broader cultural notions, their commitment to family is primary by nature, so their commitment to work has to be secondary. But a family-first stance comes at a significant cost to their careers.
Most of the firm’s women had tasted professional success and resisted the idea that they belonged at home, which made this tension especially acute. They willingly complied with the family-devotion schema but struggled openly with the idea of splitting off the work component of their identities.
That ambivalence is clear in the account of one mother, who talked about her inability to shirk responsibilities on the home front despite having a family-oriented husband. “I feel my male counterparts can more easily disconnect from what’s happening at home. … If I did sort of disconnect, things wouldn’t fall apart, but I wouldn’t feel good about it, so it’s just not going to happen.” Yet her work commitment was also strong, leaving her at a loss for knowing whether her family responsibilities would allow her the space to develop professionally.
Working women in this situation constantly assess whether they should ratchet down their career aspirations. Going part-time or shifting roles provides an enticing off-ramp from the path of overwork, but those moves stigmatize women and derail their careers. Female associates at the firm who took accommodations generally fell off the track to partner; female partners who took them veered away from the route to real power.
If women respond to the pull of family by taking accommodations, they undermine their status at work, but if they refuse accommodations in favor of their professional ambitions, they undermine their status as good mothers. This dilemma leaves the culture of overwork intact and allows firms to deflect responsibility for women’s stalled advancement. Women are the ones who have a work/family problem to sort out, the story goes, and that’s just the way it is.
To explain why women are still having trouble accessing positions of power and authority in the workplace, many observers point to the challenge of managing the competing demands of work and family. But the data doesn’t support that narrative.femisnism is not a cool act though .

First- and second-wave feminism were all around beneficial for women, which brought them out of poverty and slavery, gave them the right to vote, own private property, equal pay, et cetera. Unless you don’t believe women are equal to men; you have the right to think that way, but I don’t imagine you’ll be making a lot of friends in the future.
Luckily most women are sensible enough to agree with me. In the U.S. alone less than a fifth of women identify as a feminist, despite a majority of them believing in universal equality between the sexes, and these numbers just keep dropping.

Many men seem to believe that gender equality will cause relationship problems. But is this the case? One way of approaching this issue is to look at what happens when couples shift away from traditional family roles, with men taking on more responsibility in the home. Studies of couples who live together suggest that greater equality in earning income and sharing of household chores is associated with greater relationship stability and having sex more often.
Indeed, when husbands take on a greater role in housework, shopping and childcare, it seems to result in lower divorce rates. Likewise, when fathers take paternity leave and contribute more to homecare, it results in greater marital stability.More broadly, one study showed that men who said they were in relationships with feminist women reported greater relationship stability and sexual satisfaction. The authors of this study concluded that, far from disrupting heterosexual relationships, greater gender equality in a relationship was healthy – for both women and men, Other research has also suggested that men who eschew traditional cultural scripts of romance tend to have more satisfying and committed relationships.
There’s also a darker side to traditional relationships. The dominant role for men in relationships is problematic for wider society because it can socialise men into a culture of violence. Research consistently shows that men who more strongly endorse traditional gender roles, including in relationships, are more likely to report a history of sexually coercive behaviours, are more likely to blame the victims of rape and are more accepting of intimate partner violence.
But why does equality make us happy? One reason might be that endorsement of traditional cultural scripts of romance places a heavy burden on men, just as it does on women, Having to “perform” according to traditional scripts limits expressions of individuality and behaviours – ultimately making it harder for two people to develop true intimacy. In fact, men are increasingly expressing frustration at relationships that force them to follow the male-initiator cultural script for precisely this reason.

It even applies to the bedroom, where it can reduce spontaneity and lower sexual satisfaction. In fact, when it comes to sex, there is evidence that both women and men experience greater sexual satisfaction when the woman doens’t feel that she has to be submissive (unless of course that’s a personal preference).Another reason why greater gender equality may lead to more stable relationships is because it promotes more positive communication patterns. Gender equality facilitates a sharing of responsibility to resolve conflicts (as opposed to placing that burden primarily on women) and may lead to more expressive communication styles which benefit the relationship.

So does that mean that men should stop initiating romantic relationships or that women should start picking up the bill? In the short term (on a first date for example), conforming to cultural scripts may facilitate interactions, so long as both partners are on the same page. But in the longer-term, perpetuating gendered inequalities in our romantic relationships will likely cause more harm than good. Gender equality in relationships doesn’t mean that we lose the romance. If anything, it lays the basis for more satisfying and healthier relationships.
 One study found that women in relationships with feminist men reported healthier relationships – both in terms of quality and long-term stability – than those in relationships with non-feminist men

More generally, conforming to traditional romantic ideas may also limit women’s willingness and ability to seek equality. One study found that women who associate their romantic partners with chivalry and being a “protector” – as in the ideal of a Prince Charming – were less interested in pursuing higher education and higher-status occupations.
