

Apart from the many advantages of the feminist movement, there are also some issues related to it
One problem of feminism is that it can lead to excessive advantages for women and in fact lead to a state where women will have all the advantages while men will have the downside.
For instance, if gender quotas are introduced, women may get promoted even though they might be less qualified just to fulfill the quota.
There are many other examples where women might be preferred while men will have the downside of it and therefore, feminism indeed poses the danger that women will get excessive advantages in our society through the feminist movement.


Feminism discriminates men,
for instance, there are many men out there who already treat their women quite good and hence, they see no need for feminism at all.
Thus, those men will tend not to tolerate feminism since they will simply see no sense in it.


Another downside of feminism is that women often have all the upsides when it comes to divorce.
Men often have to pay for alimony, not only to support their kids but also to support their ex-wife.
Moreover, women often get full custody of their kids in case of divorce and men are often only able to see their kids a few times a month.
All this can be considered to be quite unfair from a man’s perspective and those political and social outcomes in case of divorce can be heavily attributed to feminism.


While many women practice feminism in a rather moderate manner, a minor fraction of women also practice this concept in a quite radical manner.
Some feminists make claims that simply go too far in my opinion and while I agree that moderate feminism can be a good thing, too much of it may do more harm than good.

In states where feminism is quite prevalent and where men already suffered from quite a lot of injustice related to it, men may also get quite frustrated about this ideology.
For instance, imagine you recently got divorced from your wife and have to pay large amounts of money for alimony while your ex-wife might even alienate your kids from you.
Chances are that you would get quite angry due to the overall unfair situation, wouldn’t you?!
Therefore, feminism and the related effects may also lead to a high level of frustration of men who have to suffer from unfair treatment in various parts of their lives.

Women may not be accepted in every position ,if women are just promoted due to gender quotas and not since they are the best candidate for the job chances are that their male colleagues might not accept them.
Therefore, even though it might be easier to get leading corporate jobs through feminist movements, women might have a quite hard time to get accepted by their male colleagues.

It is undeniable that women and men are still different and that we are borne with different characteristics.
While one gender is better in task A, the other gender is better in task B on average.
Thus, making everything equal may not serve humanity quite a lot since we may not be able to work in the professions we are best in.
Hence, feminism may also do us a disservice by promoting certain jobs to women that might simply not be suitable for them.



Even though the increasing level of confidence of women that can be attributed to the feminist movement can be considered a good thing, excessive levels of confidence may lead to a certain attitude of women that might be considered to be a little bit over the top and may do more harm than good for our society in the long run.


If more women pursue a corporate career, chances are that this might lead to a lower number of children in our society.
Moreover, the children who are borne may not be taken care of that well if women have to work long hours in demanding jobs.
Hence, feminism can also lead to a state where we will have insufficient numbers of children to keep the system running and where children may also suffer from a lower quality of life since their mothers will have less time to take care of them.



Extreme feminism may also lead to a state where there will be plenty of unnecessary bureaucratic work.
A prominent example of this is the complaints regarding our street lights.
Feminism claims that street lights that are currently using a male figure should be switched to gender-neutral traffic lights.
There are many other examples around but I think you get the point.
While some things that feminists claim really make sense, others may do no good for our society and may also result in plenty of bureaucratic work.


Some women think feminism is  unnecessary,
many women think that the feminist movement has taken it too far and that women actually do not need this kind of movement in order to be happy.
Thus, even amongst women, feminism is often a quite controversial topic and it is rather unclear what the majority of our global population really thinks about it.


From a historical perspective, feminism may not make too much sense,
While men had always been the hunters, women had the role of taking care of the children over many thousands of years of evolution.
Hence, opponents of feminism often claim that also from an evolutionary standpoint, feminism doesn’t make too much sense.

Since feminism is a rather recent movement, the long-term effects of this ideology are still rather unclear,
Whenever the effects of something are unclear, we should be quite careful not to rely on those concepts in an excessive manner in order to avoid any unpleasant consequences in the future.


Back to the matter at hand, third-wave feminism is this sort of disease, its only purpose being to further separate both genders apart from each other. The problem with modern feminism is that women already have equal opportunities to men, at least in the Western world, so it’s unneeded here. But feminists don’t know this. Because we’re all equal, feminists now must find ways to be oppressed to justify their existence. The result? They create lies, they rationalize madness—they bring more harm than good to us people. Instead of helping women in other countries who actually are oppressed, they instead focus on… the right to run around topless? What a joke.
There’s two definitions for this: the official one (i.e. the one which is inconvenient for the feminists’s agenda): a culture which advocates and normalizes the act of rape into a causality, such as the Congo; and there’s the one feminists created, which is, I believe: a culture where rape is accepted as an inevitable occurrence and nobody cares if it happens, and rapists are even excused. Too bad those are all blatant lies; rapists in our society aren’t praised, they’re thrown in prison, and nobody here is normalizing rape, ask anyone and they’ll tell you how horrible it is for a man to rape a women, Not so much vice versa, though.
Lastly is the negative effect third-wave feminism has on women, Here’s the bitter truth: women have been getting unhappier with each passing decade since the ‘50s. Because feminism centers on man-hating, victimization, and redundant arguments, it won’t accomplish anything note-worthy. Feminism teaches women that they’re being oppressed by an evil patriarchy, which in turn prevents women from bettering themselves or even wanting to; after all, why work hard when you can just accuse the man next to you of misogyny and get sympathy points? Just pathetic.
That’s all I’ve got for now. To re-cap: third-wave feminism makes women unhappier and creates more problems than it knows what to do with, it will belittle you with ridiculous lies such as the existence of a gender wage gap or a magical rape culture, and it steals the spotlight away from other women in countries with real rape cultures. In layman’s terms, it’s synonymous with cancer.
