machine can cause harm ,many people die due to disfunctionallity of the machine.
machine can kill anyone if it is hacked or made to do so.
machine can cause destruction if something goes wrong with machine wiring,like tesla crashed into another car causing life and death decision.
machine can never cause harm unless it is made to do.
machine can never kill anyone unless it is programmed to do so.
machine can never cause destruction untill it is made to do it.
machine causes obesity in youth.
machine is not dangerous , it helps people in making their life easy.
machine is dangerous as it does'nt have any feelings.

machines that have become everyday parts of our lives are no longer simple tools, but their meanings in our lives have expanded into something more complex.
machine influence and change the sense of perception and emotional state of people.
Machines extend the lifespan of humans and also make the lives of humans more convenient.
Machines have become such an important part of our human lives that we cannot live without them, once we have benefited from such experience.
machine is very useful and can be used to obtain a gain in speed.A machine can be used to lift a load in one direction by applying an effort in a convenient direction. 
New inventions have changed the trajectory of the lives of humans.
Using ultrasound technologies enable us to see babies that have not been born yet .
the day and age has come where we can change our physical traits that are not to our liking
Machine is not just an aspect of our life, rather it is a norm on which we rely upon to sustain our lives.
Machine was having a greater influence in people‟s lives than ever before and began to define human culture.
Some people admired the rapid technological developments and thought that we had found a resolution to problems such as starvation and disease.
After the Industrial Revolution, a continuous development of scientific technologies in industry brought us material affluence.
Efficiency and product output have increased and spatial distance has decreased. But, also, there have been some adverse effects on cultural development.
A machine  and automated society conflicts and infringes upon traditional consciousness and values.
We cannot ignore the benefits and conveniences that an industrialized society may offer.
we are losing our identity as a people and a culture. As more and more modern advancements change our daily lives, humans should also try to stay in tune with nature.
Machine is not harmull , they are build to help ease our work
Machine has replacements for sensory, muscular-skeletal and other organs.
The boundary between human and machine is very vague. In other words, we are losing our original human nature.






