"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"	Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others. 
"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving. "	"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."
Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses. 	Social media facilitates jealousy and constant self-comparison to other people's profiles and lives. 
"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join. "	"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"
Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others. 	"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users. "
"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."	"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay. "
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy. "
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.
"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."	"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate. 	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users. "	Social media can be used by hate groups to recruit and spread their message more effectively. 
Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships. 	Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses. 
Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing. 	Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others. 
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join. "
"Social media leads to people becoming used to short and simple messages, thus making it harder and less likely for them to reed more profound articles, and that leads to less informed citizens. "	"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland. "
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."	Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process. "	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay. "	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving. "
"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones. "	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process. "
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread. 	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.	"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."
"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."	When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life
"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens. "	"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users. "
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process. "
"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."	"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."
Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.	Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.
Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.	Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.
"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."	"Social media leads to people becoming used to short and simple messages, thus making it harder and less likely for them to reed more profound articles, and that leads to less informed citizens."
"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."	Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.
Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.	In social media people feel more free to bully other people because they don't see the emotions or reactions of the person they bully.
Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.	Social media can be used by hate groups to recruit and spread their message more effectively.
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay."	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them	"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."
Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them	Social media makes people feel like if they don't post the thing they did there they didn't really do it. That makes people be busy with their phones instead of living in the moment.
Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.	Social media can be used by hate groups to recruit and spread their message more effectively.
Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.	Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.
"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."	When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life
Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.	"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay."
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."
Social media made bullying in school a lot worse because now it follows children to their home and it is harder for teachers to see and detect.	"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."
"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."	Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.
"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
Social media made bullying in school a lot worse because now it follows children to their home and it is harder for teachers to see and detect.	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.	Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.	Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them
"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."	Social media makes people feel like if they don't post the thing they did there they didn't really do it. That makes people be busy with their phones instead of living in the moment.
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."
"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."	Social media has been integral to the rise of cyber bullying and mental health issues amongst young people in the past decade.
"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."	"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.	"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"
Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."
"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."	"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."
"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."	"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."
Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others.	"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."
"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"	Social media brings more harm than good because it makes many people anxious and contributes to depression and poor mental health.
"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others.	Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.
Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.	"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.
"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."	"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."
"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."	Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	In social media people feel more free to bully other people because they don't see the emotions or reactions of the person they bully.
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.
"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."	Social media can be used by hate groups to recruit and spread their message more effectively.
Social media makes people feel like if they don't post the thing they did there they didn't really do it. That makes people be busy with their phones instead of living in the moment.	"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."
Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.	Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.
"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.
Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.	Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.
"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users."	Social media facilitates jealousy and constant self-comparison to other people's profiles and lives.
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."	Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.
"Social media brings more harm than good because creates echo chambers for bad ideas to spread, like the anti-vaccination movement."	"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"
Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.	"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."
A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers	Social media brings more harm than good because it is a powerful tool for governments and companies to mold public opinion.
"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."	"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"
Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.	Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.
Social media collects and monetizes individual's information which allows corporations and the government to spy on people and do whatever they want with their private data.	Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.
"Social media leads to people becoming used to short and simple messages, thus making it harder and less likely for them to reed more profound articles, and that leads to less informed citizens."	"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay."
"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."	"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."
People who use social media may be mislead by rumors or misinformation that can negatively affect their life such as in the case of quackery or health advice given by people with no credentials.	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."	"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."
"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."	"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."
"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"	Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.
Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.	"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."
Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.	Social media brings more harm than good because encourages young people to spend more time looking at screens and less time together in person.
Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.	"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"
"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."	Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.
"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"	"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."
"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"	"People using social media are far more likely to develop the fear of missing out, feeling bad about themselves because they are not experiencing everything the world has to offer"
"Social media platforms allow the spread of fake news, which harms democratic discussion and leads to populist terrible leaders being elected based on false information"	"Social media is addicting, taking away from your actual real life relationships that are much more meaningful in the long term."
Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.	"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."
"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."	Social media makes people feel like if they don't post the thing they did there they didn't really do it. That makes people be busy with their phones instead of living in the moment.
Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.	People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"In social media you feel obligated to only post positive aspects of your life. Since it easily becomes the main domain for your social interactions, you have less sincere conversation and less support when needed."
"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."	Social networks help governments spy against their citizens
Social media brings more harm than good because it makes many people anxious and contributes to depression and poor mental health.	"social media causes people more depression in life, because you are less connecting physically with prople"
"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."	"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."
Social media has been integral to the rise of cyber bullying and mental health issues amongst young people in the past decade.	"Social media is addicting, taking away from your actual real life relationships that are much more meaningful in the long term."
"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."	"social media led to the rise of cyber bullying, by allowing the bullies to hide behind a keyboard, never facing consequences or seeing the victim's pain"
Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.	Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.
People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it	"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."	"In social media you feel obligated to only post positive aspects of your life. Since it easily becomes the main domain for your social interactions, you have less sincere conversation and less support when needed."
Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall	Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.	"social media led to the rise of cyber bullying, by allowing the bullies to hide behind a keyboard, never facing consequences or seeing the victim's pain"
Social Media has led to the perpetuation of false information that has led to a public that is more misinformed than ever before.	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."	"Children growing in the world of social media learns that their worth is determined by ""likes"" count causing them to focus on self representaion to others instead of building selfworth from within."
Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.	"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"
"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
"Social media leads to political echo chambers, resulting in poor political discourse and divisive politics"	"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users."
"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"	"social media led to the rise of cyber bullying, by allowing the bullies to hide behind a keyboard, never facing consequences or seeing the victim's pain"
"social media causes people more depression in life, because you are less connecting physically with prople"	Social media is often used to cyber-bully or ostracize someone publicly (especially with teenagers).
people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.	Social media brings more harm than good because it is a powerful tool for governments and companies to mold public opinion.
People who use social media may be mislead by rumors or misinformation that can negatively affect their life such as in the case of quackery or health advice given by people with no credentials.	"People using social media are far more likely to develop the fear of missing out, feeling bad about themselves because they are not experiencing everything the world has to offer"
"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"	Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.
"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."	"Echo chamber - posts you see are based on your likes and friends so you'll mostly see opinions that agree with you, reinforcing your prejudices and reducing the chance that people will change their minds"
People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it	Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.
Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.	Social media can be used to spread fake news or gossip to sway public opinion unfairly for example against a political contestor.
Social media facilitates jealousy and constant self-comparison to other people's profiles and lives.	"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."
"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.
"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"	Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.
Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.	"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."
Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.	"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"
"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."	Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.	"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"
Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
you can get private information about people and than use it for wrong reasons and crimes.	people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.
"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."	"In social media you feel obligated to only post positive aspects of your life. Since it easily becomes the main domain for your social interactions, you have less sincere conversation and less support when needed."
Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.	Social media is often used to cyber-bully or ostracize someone publicly (especially with teenagers).
"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"	Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	Social media makes people feel like if they don't post the thing they did there they didn't really do it. That makes people be busy with their phones instead of living in the moment.
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."	Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."
"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"	Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others.
"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"	"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."
"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"	Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.
Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.	Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.
"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."	"social media allowed extremists to band together and get the feeling that if there are more of them, then their opinion isn't as radical as they thought (KKK, Neo-Nazis, alt-right, etc..)"
Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.	Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall
Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.	"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"
"social media allowed extremists to band together and get the feeling that if there are more of them, then their opinion isn't as radical as they thought (KKK, Neo-Nazis, alt-right, etc..)"	"Social media leads to people becoming used to short and simple messages, thus making it harder and less likely for them to reed more profound articles, and that leads to less informed citizens."
Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.	"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."
"In social media you feel obligated to only post positive aspects of your life. Since it easily becomes the main domain for your social interactions, you have less sincere conversation and less support when needed."	"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"
you can get private information about people and than use it for wrong reasons and crimes.	Radicalized people's opinions and creates more backlash and a worse discourse
"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."	"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"
Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall	Social media brings more harm than good because encourages young people to spend more time looking at screens and less time together in person.
Social media brings more harm than good because it is a powerful tool for governments and companies to mold public opinion.	"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."
Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.	Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"
"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."	In social media people feel more free to bully other people because they don't see the emotions or reactions of the person they bully.
Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.	"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."
Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.	Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.
"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"	"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."	"Children growing in the world of social media learns that their worth is determined by ""likes"" count causing them to focus on self representaion to others instead of building selfworth from within."
A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers	Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	Social media made bullying in school a lot worse because now it follows children to their home and it is harder for teachers to see and detect.
Social media can be used to spread fake news or gossip to sway public opinion unfairly for example against a political contestor.	"social media led to the rise of cyber bullying, by allowing the bullies to hide behind a keyboard, never facing consequences or seeing the victim's pain"
Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall	"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"
Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.	"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"
"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"	"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."
"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"	"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"
"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"	Social media can be used to spread fake news or gossip to sway public opinion unfairly for example against a political contestor.
"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."	Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.
"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."	"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."
"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."	Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.
Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.	racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism
In social media people feel more free to bully other people because they don't see the emotions or reactions of the person they bully.	"Social media promotes extremism, since it gets more likes and shares. It enlarges every conflicts and creates very negative discussion that later affect real life issues."
Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.	Radicalized people's opinions and creates more backlash and a worse discourse
Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.	"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."
"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay."	Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"The value of privacy in matters such as my sexual preferences is lowered significantly, and people feel the need to share everything about their life"
Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common	Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.
"Social media leads to political echo chambers, resulting in poor political discourse and divisive politics"	"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."
Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.	A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."
"Social media promotes extremism, since it gets more likes and shares. It enlarges every conflicts and creates very negative discussion that later affect real life issues."	Social media can create a hive mind mentality where people will join in on an idea just to fit in with others.
"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"	"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."
Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.	people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.
Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.	Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.
"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."	"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."
"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.	"Social media brings more harm than good because creates echo chambers for bad ideas to spread, like the anti-vaccination movement."
"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"	"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."
Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.	"social media causes people more depression in life, because you are less connecting physically with prople"
Social media collects and monetizes individual's information which allows corporations and the government to spy on people and do whatever they want with their private data.	"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."
"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."	"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	"The value of privacy in matters such as my sexual preferences is lowered significantly, and people feel the need to share everything about their life"
"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."	"In social media you feel obligated to only post positive aspects of your life. Since it easily becomes the main domain for your social interactions, you have less sincere conversation and less support when needed."
Social media brings more harm than good because it makes many people anxious and contributes to depression and poor mental health.	Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall
"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."	"social media allowed extremists to band together and get the feeling that if there are more of them, then their opinion isn't as radical as they thought (KKK, Neo-Nazis, alt-right, etc..)"
Radicalized people's opinions and creates more backlash and a worse discourse	Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.
Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.	"social media causes people more depression in life, because you are less connecting physically with prople"
In social media people feel more free to bully other people because they don't see the emotions or reactions of the person they bully.	"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."
"Social Media is an extremely powerful tool, provided used in the right context.However, it is currently used mostly to circulate very convincing fake news , resulting in the mass having misplaced beliefs."	"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."
"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"	Social media increases bullying on a scale never seen before.
"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."	"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."
Everyone try to post all positive and good news and events or there will be posts which are extremely bad. This will lead reader that everything is good and reader is having less in everything	"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."
Social Media opens the door to more recurrent online bullying because of an extra 24/7 constant social interaction with people whether one chooses or not	Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.
"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."	"Social media is a very effective vector for the spread of false information, deceptive practices, and lies."
Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.	Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances
It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news	Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.
Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.	"It is too easy for people to congregate with other like-minded individuals and reinforce their viewpoints, without the benefit of contrasting/competing views."
Social media can be dangerous in terms of spammers and hackers.	Social interactions existed before Facebook without many of the adverse effects it brought to the world.
"Social media distorts each user's view of the world by focusing attention on only those people, topics, places, and events that each user is interested in."	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen	"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."
None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.	Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users
"Social media requires no fact checking or validation for posting, it is pure opinion. As such, it is subjective and creates a well-spring of noise versus objective insight"	Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.
"Social media disrupts your life dozens of times a day, people expect you to read and react to messages in the shortest time."	Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.
anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.	Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.
We should spend more time on process that doesn't allow bullying and escaping from who you are . Social media allows hiding behind your words.	The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"
"Social media intrudes into the house, meaning that bullying can extend from the classroom into the bedroom. This is leading to mental health issues in young people."	We should spend more time on process that doesn't allow bullying and escaping from who you are . Social media allows hiding behind your words.
People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .	Human nature is to want to experience what our peers or heroes have and do. Human nature is also to only project the best presentation of ourselves. Social media is a megaphone. Unhappiness ensues.
Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.	Who would trust Facebook or Google these days? We are all being manipulated without even knowing it is happening.
"Social media does bring a more complicated set of scenarios in a country like India, where people blindly believe any false news or headline they read. Certain elements to cause riots and create separation in society."	"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."
Social media is generally a waste of time. Today people spend an inordinate about of time just procrastinating on social media rather than improving their lives.	"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"
Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message	People tend to hide behind digital personas and speak opinions they would not normally for fear of reprimand in person.
"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."	"Even if connection and news are available on social media, there are so many fake news spread on this and it creates conflicts in society, and this all is based on fake details."
"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."	Excessive screen time and notifications of individual social media users can easily distract users from face-to-face interaction(s.)
Social networks are physically addictive as well as psychologically addictive. A study from Harvard University showed that self-disclosure online fires up a part of the brain that also lights up when engaging in pleasurable activities.	"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."
Social media give a platform of expression for racists and antisemites to spread their ideas in the general public	Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.
"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"	Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.
"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."	"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."
Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.	"Social media can be used to spread many false rumors and information, which causes an overload of information."
The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.	Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.
Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.	Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones
"Social media disrupts your life dozens of times a day, people expect you to read and react to messages in the shortest time."	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.	"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."
"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."	"Social media disrupts your life dozens of times a day, people expect you to read and react to messages in the shortest time."
"The internet is a major source of information for all. However, online information is not validated. False information can be presented as valid and to many people"	"Because social media can be (many times) anonymous, it allows one to post harmful information. Communication is the soul of our country, we are raising kids without a voice unless they key the information."
Businesses are negatively impacted due to social media	Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think
anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.	social media turns society into a high school mentality when popularity is the only measure of success and happines
"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."	Social media kills productive time like thinking or physically active time with all its distractions. It also ruins the kids or teenagers with lots of silly social interactions or fake online friendships.
"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."	some people are posting non-senses which is a waste of our time to even scan through
Social media is an open forum for anonymous and abusive bullying.	Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.
Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.	Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.
Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users	"Social media focusses on getting responses. The ability to respond to anything without knowing more than e.g. the allowed max number of Twitter words, influences our culture negatively. Nothing good can come from polarized opinions."
"Social media is often used for activities such as stalking, harassing others, and connecting social predators with their victims."	The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.
"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."	The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.
Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.	Social media is becoming addictive and in many cases indeed brings more harm than good. It is important to educate people on use of social media and the issues that could cause in society.
"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."	"Social media is just a tool. The use of the tool is what makes it good or bad. Most people lean towards bad, so as a result social media will also lean bad."
Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.	Social media encourages people to make statements that are untrue or unkind by making people feel remote from their actions.
People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.	Who would trust Facebook or Google these days? We are all being manipulated without even knowing it is happening.
Who would trust Facebook or Google these days? We are all being manipulated without even knowing it is happening.	Social media is generally a waste of time. Today people spend an inordinate about of time just procrastinating on social media rather than improving their lives.
People are wasting too much of their time on social media.	Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children
Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.	"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."
"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."	"It is too easy for people to congregate with other like-minded individuals and reinforce their viewpoints, without the benefit of contrasting/competing views."
Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.	"Social media steal our attention and consumes our time with bite-size information that seems to be inoffensive, but turns out to be overwhelming."
Some politicians use social media as their political message board and that's not how politics should work.	"Social media disrupts your life dozens of times a day, people expect you to read and react to messages in the shortest time."
"Social media allows bullies 24 x 7 access to tools to bully their targets without escape. Further, it promotes the bandwagon phenomenon. Both of these could be mitigated in a physical sense before social media."	"Social media brings more harm than good - Now days it is being used as tool to manipulate opinion and hiding the set back of the thing ,Blaming others of the consequences which are non avoidable."
"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."	"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"
Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society	"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."
Social media is becoming addictive and in many cases indeed brings more harm than good. It is important to educate people on use of social media and the issues that could cause in society.	Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.
"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."	"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."
Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.	"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."
"Social media distorts each user's view of the world by focusing attention on only those people, topics, places, and events that each user is interested in."	"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."
"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"	"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."
Social Media has become a distraction from focused work	Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them
Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.	"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."
"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."	"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."
Social media has diluted the thought process of young individuals people perceive and see them selves which is not REAL when a 10 year old kid edit his c and shares then there something WRONG	Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.
We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.	Social networks are physically addictive as well as psychologically addictive. A study from Harvard University showed that self-disclosure online fires up a part of the brain that also lights up when engaging in pleasurable activities.
Social media has become increasingly cited in divorce cases and linked to depression.	Social media causes less face to face interaction
Social media is a source of fake news.	"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."
Everyone try to post all positive and good news and events or there will be posts which are extremely bad. This will lead reader that everything is good and reader is having less in everything	Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.
"Even if connection and news are available on social media, there are so many fake news spread on this and it creates conflicts in society, and this all is based on fake details."	"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."
"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."	Social media is generally a waste of time. Today people spend an inordinate about of time just procrastinating on social media rather than improving their lives.
"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."	"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."
Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.	"People often interact with social media instead of being actually social, an important aspect of mental health. People should police themselves to use social media only when other social outlets are absent."
"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."	"Social media shows content similar to the taste of the user, limiting the scope of information that a person is subjected to. This weakens the capacity to understand and accept differing points of view."
social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access
"Due to unprotected data and lack of security regulation, social media brings more harm than good to all - not just to those who participate."	We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.
"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."	The filtering algorithms of some social media sites alienate some users. It also leads to a false presumption that certain points of view are representative of the majority when they are not.
We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.	"Fake news is the new norm, and everyone is too daft to realise they have been manipulated - we call it group think and you are all trapped in the same mindset as everyone else."
Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.	We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.
"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."	"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."
"Social media is completely un-regulated and they are recklessly sharing our data to their vendors, partners, suppliers and customers. Not acceptable!"	"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."
"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."	Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .
"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."	"Social media inhibits individualization, as user are constantly dependent on others for approval and self-worth"
"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"	"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."
Fake news are more easily spread via social media.	Social media causes less face to face interaction
Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .	Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.
"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."	"Social media diminish the value of well-established knowledge, eminence, and experience."
Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.	Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones
"The internet is a major source of information for all. However, online information is not validated. False information can be presented as valid and to many people"	Human nature is to want to experience what our peers or heroes have and do. Human nature is also to only project the best presentation of ourselves. Social media is a megaphone. Unhappiness ensues.
Human race is not ready for an invisible Social Media. Many people hide behind the faceless social platforms. Face to face communication relies on live interactions between people.	"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"
"Social media brings more harm than good because it limits one's exposure to posts which support one's viewpoint, rather than expose one to differing viewpoints."	Social media platforms do not enforce strong identification of the person behind an identity allowing abuse and misuse of the capability
Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information	Social media can be addictive for some people and therefore should be treated as drugs.
Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.	"People now cross streets, run into people because they are just too focussed on the social media."
"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."	News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.
Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.	Social media is counterproductive against people privacy as it promotes the sharing of information without providing data handling transparency
We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.	"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"
"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."	We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.
Technology obfuscates the signals humans have evolved to show in interacting resulting in a lack of sensitivity in how we interact through social media	Social media is generally a waste of time. Today people spend an inordinate about of time just procrastinating on social media rather than improving their lives.
"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."	"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."
"People now cross streets, run into people because they are just too focussed on the social media."	It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.
Bullying is more popular now that social media is around	Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances
Use of social media can be very addictive for many and time using it is wasted.	Amount of time people spend in face to face conversations is reduced.
People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive	Social media is bad. We don't like it.
Good ideas are not always the most popular ones. Social media may discourage the initiators of good things.	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.	Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them
"While we are social creatures, social media distorts reality, creates unfair expectations, and is the way to rule by bullying."	"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."
Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.	Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.
Social media can be addictive for some people and therefore should be treated as drugs.	Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances
"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."	"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."
"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."	"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."
Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity	decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people
"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."	"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."
"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."	"Because social media participants are not authenticated, the technology has been and will continue to be undermined by those with malicious intent. We need KYC laws."
"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."	Our current generation of social media profiles us and curates content based on what will keep us engaged for their profit rather than improve our knowledge and outreach to others we may benefit from.
It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.	"People mostly tend to depict the best of their lives on social media. The result is people seeing an idealized picture of everyone else's life and feeling theirs are inadequate, which causes psychological harms."
"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."	"Social media allows malign individuals to manipulate the mindset of suggestible readers, and we are all more suggestible than we admit."
"It is a ""judgemental"" space, which means that people judge you for your ideas, instead of understanding your PoV."	Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts
It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.	"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."
Social media is bad. We don't like it.	Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones
"Social media is a vivid example of technological progress gone wrong. It paves way to increased consumerism, vanity, and self-obsession, not to mention new harmful phenomena such as cyber-bullying"	Social networks are physically addictive as well as psychologically addictive. A study from Harvard University showed that self-disclosure online fires up a part of the brain that also lights up when engaging in pleasurable activities.
"Social media disrupts your life dozens of times a day, people expect you to read and react to messages in the shortest time."	Social media exposes personal information to many entities that can and will use it in a harmful way
"Social media distorts each user's view of the world by focusing attention on only those people, topics, places, and events that each user is interested in."	Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.
Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity	Social media is bad. We don't like it.
It is a matter of scale. Relying too heavily on social media may alienate users from the real world.	Social media provides a platform for bullying which can be more pernicious than traditional bullying because of the scope of visibility and participation.
It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
People spend much more time on the internet than in real life.	Fake news are more easily spread via social media.
"Social media does bring a more complicated set of scenarios in a country like India, where people blindly believe any false news or headline they read. Certain elements to cause riots and create separation in society."	"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."
We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.	"Social media is problematic because it often creates a ""bubble"" where we interact with people who share our belief int various subjects."
It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.	"Social media worsens mental health issues of self-worth by facilitating a ""look at me"" culture as users seek self-validation."
We should spend more time on process that doesn't allow bullying and escaping from who you are . Social media allows hiding behind your words.	"Social media is designed to trigger dopamine responses, forming an addiction. This addiction distorts reality and encourages one to seek out feedback that reinforces that addiction."
People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.	Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.
Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.	Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.
"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."	The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.
The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.	Social Media opens the door to more recurrent online bullying because of an extra 24/7 constant social interaction with people whether one chooses or not
Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.	Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.
"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."	"Social media requires no fact checking or validation for posting, it is pure opinion. As such, it is subjective and creates a well-spring of noise versus objective insight"
"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."	"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."
Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.	People have started spending more than required time on the social media which is impacting their health both physical and mental
Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."	"Social Media can be used to spread bad propaganda, fake news, that can have its ripple effect on society. Thus there should be strong regulations on wrong use of social media"
"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."	"Social media has all the addictive qualities of a drug. While there are benefits, the dangers of being sucked into an online universe leaves us at risk of real life isolation and a couch potato life."
Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.	Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.
"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"	"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."
Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.	It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.
"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."	The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.
Social media makes people feel bad about themselves because they see all of the great things that other people are doing and fail to realize that is only because that's what people post.	"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."
Social networks are physically addictive as well as psychologically addictive. A study from Harvard University showed that self-disclosure online fires up a part of the brain that also lights up when engaging in pleasurable activities.	"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."
Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content	"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."
It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.	"Social media does bring a more complicated set of scenarios in a country like India, where people blindly believe any false news or headline they read. Certain elements to cause riots and create separation in society."
people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others	social media turns society into a high school mentality when popularity is the only measure of success and happines
"higher risk that some of the facts quotations from a particular source in an article are false. newspapers might lose customers if people find out they gave been selling lies, a blog can be easily deleted."	People are tending to interact more with the people who are far away than with the people around them because of their addiction to the interacting devices which is leading to less interpersonal skills in them
"It is too easy for people to congregate with other like-minded individuals and reinforce their viewpoints, without the benefit of contrasting/competing views."	I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%
"Social media focusses on getting responses. The ability to respond to anything without knowing more than e.g. the allowed max number of Twitter words, influences our culture negatively. Nothing good can come from polarized opinions."	"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."
"Social media steal our attention and consumes our time with bite-size information that seems to be inoffensive, but turns out to be overwhelming."	"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."
Social media is becoming addictive and in many cases indeed brings more harm than good. It is important to educate people on use of social media and the issues that could cause in society.	"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."
"Social media inhibits individualization, as user are constantly dependent on others for approval and self-worth"	"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."
"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."	People tend to hide behind digital personas and speak opinions they would not normally for fear of reprimand in person.
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.
None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.	"Social media fosters comparison between the carefully digitally curated images of people's lives. These images often do not reflect the struggles of one's life and hence are not honest. Hence, the connections and interactions are shallow."
People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.	Social media increases bullying on a scale never seen before.
Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	Bullying is more popular now that social media is around
"Because social media participants are not authenticated, the technology has been and will continue to be undermined by those with malicious intent. We need KYC laws."	"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."
It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.	People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive
Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message	Social media claims to keep people connected with their families and friends but it actually seems to bring feelings of loneliness more often than it brings feelings of togetherness.
Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.	Social media can easily be used to mislead people
Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.	"People often interact with social media instead of being actually social, an important aspect of mental health. People should police themselves to use social media only when other social outlets are absent."
Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.	Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.
Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.	We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.
Many people are addicted to the internet and the snippets of information it provides. It is dumbing us down.	"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."
Social Media has the same effect as a 24 hour news cycle. It's an overkill of information that effects people's mindsets on various views.	People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.
"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."	"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."
People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.	"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."
"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."	Everyones privacy is greatly harmed by the access the internet provides and lack of responsibility and privacy standards and guidelines we hold businesses accountable for.
Our current generation of social media profiles us and curates content based on what will keep us engaged for their profit rather than improve our knowledge and outreach to others we may benefit from.	"People often interact with social media instead of being actually social, an important aspect of mental health. People should police themselves to use social media only when other social outlets are absent."
"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."	"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""
People harm others as they are more anonymous than in real life.	"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."
People harm others as they are more anonymous than in real life.	social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.	"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"
"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."	"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."
Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society	Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy
Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.	Social Media has the same effect as a 24 hour news cycle. It's an overkill of information that effects people's mindsets on various views.
facebook is addicted and still people precious time.	Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.
"Social media focusses on getting responses. The ability to respond to anything without knowing more than e.g. the allowed max number of Twitter words, influences our culture negatively. Nothing good can come from polarized opinions."	"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."
"Social media can be addictive, causing unsafe behaviours like checking phones while driving"	Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!
"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."	"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."
Some politicians use social media as their political message board and that's not how politics should work.	Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts
Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."
"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""	"Social media is just a tool. The use of the tool is what makes it good or bad. Most people lean towards bad, so as a result social media will also lean bad."
People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive	Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.
Social media distracts and distorts reality making some feel like failures when they are not	social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.	"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."
Social media claims to keep people connected with their families and friends but it actually seems to bring feelings of loneliness more often than it brings feelings of togetherness.	Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.
Some politicians use social media as their political message board and that's not how politics should work.	Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information
"Social media can be addictive, causing unsafe behaviours like checking phones while driving"	Bullying is more popular now that social media is around
Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.	Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.
"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."	"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."
Excessive screen time and notifications of individual social media users can easily distract users from face-to-face interaction(s.)	Amount of time people spend in face to face conversations is reduced.
"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."	"Social media requires no fact checking or validation for posting, it is pure opinion. As such, it is subjective and creates a well-spring of noise versus objective insight"
"It is just another opportunity to waste our time , and is intrusive upon our thoughts"	It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news
"Social media diminish the value of well-established knowledge, eminence, and experience."	facebook is addicted and still people precious time.
Fake news are more easily spread via social media.	It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news
"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"	Use of social media can be very addictive for many and time using it is wasted.
Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.	"Social media shows content similar to the taste of the user, limiting the scope of information that a person is subjected to. This weakens the capacity to understand and accept differing points of view."
None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.	"Social media is designed to trigger dopamine responses, forming an addiction. This addiction distorts reality and encourages one to seek out feedback that reinforces that addiction."
Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.	Social media is bad. We don't like it.
Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts	"Social media is a vivid example of technological progress gone wrong. It paves way to increased consumerism, vanity, and self-obsession, not to mention new harmful phenomena such as cyber-bullying"
"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"	"Social media presents as being unbiased in perspectives presented, but can instead favor one side of an issue over another or even block valid perspectives entirely, leading to a skewed view of public opinion."
"Because social media participants are not authenticated, the technology has been and will continue to be undermined by those with malicious intent. We need KYC laws."	"The internet is a major source of information for all. However, online information is not validated. False information can be presented as valid and to many people"
"Social Media is an extremely powerful tool, provided used in the right context.However, it is currently used mostly to circulate very convincing fake news , resulting in the mass having misplaced beliefs."	"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"
Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.	People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.
It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.	The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.
Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.	Social interactions existed before Facebook without many of the adverse effects it brought to the world.
Businesses are negatively impacted due to social media	it's easy to create false social media accounts and skew polls or public perception
social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.
"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."	Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.
Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.	Organizations can manipulate and spread messages to influence people in a way other media could not match.
"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"	Social media is becoming addictive and in many cases indeed brings more harm than good. It is important to educate people on use of social media and the issues that could cause in society.
"Social media is often used for activities such as stalking, harassing others, and connecting social predators with their victims."	People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.
"Social media inhibits individualization, as user are constantly dependent on others for approval and self-worth"	"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"
"Fake news is the new norm, and everyone is too daft to realise they have been manipulated - we call it group think and you are all trapped in the same mindset as everyone else."	"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"
Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.	Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity
Social media influencers or those with a large following can sway a large group of people regarding their opinion in something.	People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.
Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy	"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."
Social media platforms do not enforce strong identification of the person behind an identity allowing abuse and misuse of the capability	Lots of misinformation can be spread around the world in real time in a snow ball effect.
Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.	"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"
We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.	"Social media creates distractions from real-world relationships. Online interactions and friendships can be valuable, but people should have in-person conversations and local friends, too."
Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information	Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways
Social media provides a platform for bullying which can be more pernicious than traditional bullying because of the scope of visibility and participation.	"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."
Social interactions existed before Facebook without many of the adverse effects it brought to the world.	Organizations can manipulate and spread messages to influence people in a way other media could not match.
"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."	Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.
"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."	Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.
We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.	"Because social media participants are not authenticated, the technology has been and will continue to be undermined by those with malicious intent. We need KYC laws."
Social media is an open forum for anonymous and abusive bullying.	"It is just another opportunity to waste our time , and is intrusive upon our thoughts"
"Social Media is an extremely powerful tool, provided used in the right context.However, it is currently used mostly to circulate very convincing fake news , resulting in the mass having misplaced beliefs."	Social media makes people feel bad about themselves because they see all of the great things that other people are doing and fail to realize that is only because that's what people post.
"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"	"Social media brings more harm than good because it limits one's exposure to posts which support one's viewpoint, rather than expose one to differing viewpoints."
Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.	"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."
Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users	"Social Media can be used to spread bad propaganda, fake news, that can have its ripple effect on society. Thus there should be strong regulations on wrong use of social media"
"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"	Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children
Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.	Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access
facebook is addicted and still people precious time.	Social media is a source of fake news.
"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."	Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.
"Social media is problematic because it often creates a ""bubble"" where we interact with people who share our belief int various subjects."	"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."
People have started spending more than required time on the social media which is impacting their health both physical and mental	"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."
"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."	"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."
Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.	"Social media shows content similar to the taste of the user, limiting the scope of information that a person is subjected to. This weakens the capacity to understand and accept differing points of view."
Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content	more unuseful social media more waste time for us.
Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them	Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.
Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.	"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"
Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.	Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .
Social media makes people less social as they lose their face to face communications skills	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
People spend much more time on the internet than in real life.	Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.
Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them	Social media increases bullying on a scale never seen before.
Social media increases bullying on a scale never seen before.	Social media created a platform to connect virtually but people losing human side of life.
people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others	Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.
"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."	"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."
"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."	"People have turned to social media for their news, which had seen their news feeds respond with very similar points of view. It has skewed public discourse into group thinking. People don't question, the news story."
I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%	"Social media steal our attention and consumes our time with bite-size information that seems to be inoffensive, but turns out to be overwhelming."
Social media leads to fear of missing out by which we feel that everyone is doing something awesome with their lives and we are here doing nothing but scrolling through our feeds looking at their lives	People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .
People spend much more time on the internet than in real life.	Social media give a platform of expression for racists and antisemites to spread their ideas in the general public
"People mostly post their personal good times. Frequent users view others having fun and being social and happy all of the time. By comparison, they perceive their own lives to be less joyful and social."	People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .
Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.	Social media is an open forum for anonymous and abusive bullying.
"Social media worsens mental health issues of self-worth by facilitating a ""look at me"" culture as users seek self-validation."	Social interactions existed before Facebook without many of the adverse effects it brought to the world.
Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.	Real life is much better than the fake life in Facebook.
"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."	"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."
"Social media requires no fact checking or validation for posting, it is pure opinion. As such, it is subjective and creates a well-spring of noise versus objective insight"	"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."
"Fake news is the new norm, and everyone is too daft to realise they have been manipulated - we call it group think and you are all trapped in the same mindset as everyone else."	"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."
Social media created a platform to connect virtually but people losing human side of life.	"Youth use social media as a weapon, to berade their peers, causing huge distress and even suicide, in extreme cases"
"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."	"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."
"Social media intrudes into the house, meaning that bullying can extend from the classroom into the bedroom. This is leading to mental health issues in young people."	Technology obfuscates the signals humans have evolved to show in interacting resulting in a lack of sensitivity in how we interact through social media
social media turns society into a high school mentality when popularity is the only measure of success and happines	"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."
People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.	Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .
"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."	Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.
It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.	Social media makes people less social as they lose their face to face communications skills
People are wasting too much of their time on social media.	Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
"Social media can be used to spread many false rumors and information, which causes an overload of information."	Social media provides a platform for bullying which can be more pernicious than traditional bullying because of the scope of visibility and participation.
Social media can be dangerous in terms of spammers and hackers.	Good ideas are not always the most popular ones. Social media may discourage the initiators of good things.
"Social media brings more harm than good - Now days it is being used as tool to manipulate opinion and hiding the set back of the thing ,Blaming others of the consequences which are non avoidable."	"Even if connection and news are available on social media, there are so many fake news spread on this and it creates conflicts in society, and this all is based on fake details."
People tend to hide behind digital personas and speak opinions they would not normally for fear of reprimand in person.	"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."
anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.	Social media encourages people to make statements that are untrue or unkind by making people feel remote from their actions.
"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"	People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.
"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."	Social media kills productive time like thinking or physically active time with all its distractions. It also ruins the kids or teenagers with lots of silly social interactions or fake online friendships.
Social media causes false rumors to spread fast and cause damage to property and mankind.	Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity
"Social media creates distractions from real-world relationships. Online interactions and friendships can be valuable, but people should have in-person conversations and local friends, too."	"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."
Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .	Social media's business model establishes the user and his/her data as the product which provides opportunity for malicious use of private information.
Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children	people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others
Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.	"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"
Social media encourages people to make statements that are untrue or unkind by making people feel remote from their actions.	Social media exposes personal information to many entities that can and will use it in a harmful way
"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."	"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."
"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."	The downside of social media is that it is used for propaganda purposes by political groups in the name of free speech
Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.	It is a matter of scale. Relying too heavily on social media may alienate users from the real world.
Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.	"Social media inhibits individualization, as user are constantly dependent on others for approval and self-worth"
Social media is harm because many people use social media with no rights level of digital ethics. The same analogy could be said if people use knife with no ethics.	Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.
Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.	Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.
"Social media is often used for activities such as stalking, harassing others, and connecting social predators with their victims."	"While we are social creatures, social media distorts reality, creates unfair expectations, and is the way to rule by bullying."
"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."	"Social media can be used to spread many false rumors and information, which causes an overload of information."
Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.	It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.
"Social media is often used for activities such as stalking, harassing others, and connecting social predators with their victims."	"Social media brings more harm than good because it limits one's exposure to posts which support one's viewpoint, rather than expose one to differing viewpoints."
None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.	"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."
Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.	Businesses are negatively impacted due to social media
Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen	"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."
For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.	It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.
more unuseful social media more waste time for us.	Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.
"Social media can be used to spread many false rumors and information, which causes an overload of information."	"Social media allows malign individuals to manipulate the mindset of suggestible readers, and we are all more suggestible than we admit."
"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."	News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.
"Social media allows bullies 24 x 7 access to tools to bully their targets without escape. Further, it promotes the bandwagon phenomenon. Both of these could be mitigated in a physical sense before social media."	"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."
Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive	"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."
"Social media does bring a more complicated set of scenarios in a country like India, where people blindly believe any false news or headline they read. Certain elements to cause riots and create separation in society."	"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."
anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.	People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.
Everyone try to post all positive and good news and events or there will be posts which are extremely bad. This will lead reader that everything is good and reader is having less in everything	"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."
It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.	Social media makes people less social as they lose their face to face communications skills
"It is too easy for people to congregate with other like-minded individuals and reinforce their viewpoints, without the benefit of contrasting/competing views."	Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message
"Social media steal our attention and consumes our time with bite-size information that seems to be inoffensive, but turns out to be overwhelming."	"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."
We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.	Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .
Bullying is more popular now that social media is around	Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think
Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways	Use of social media can be very addictive for many and time using it is wasted.
Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.	Lots of misinformation can be spread around the world in real time in a snow ball effect.
Organizations can manipulate and spread messages to influence people in a way other media could not match.	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.	Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society
Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.	Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!
"Social media is completely un-regulated and they are recklessly sharing our data to their vendors, partners, suppliers and customers. Not acceptable!"	Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	Human race is not ready for an invisible Social Media. Many people hide behind the faceless social platforms. Face to face communication relies on live interactions between people.
"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."	Human race is not ready for an invisible Social Media. Many people hide behind the faceless social platforms. Face to face communication relies on live interactions between people.
Human race is not ready for an invisible Social Media. Many people hide behind the faceless social platforms. Face to face communication relies on live interactions between people.	Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.
"Social Media can be used to spread bad propaganda, fake news, that can have its ripple effect on society. Thus there should be strong regulations on wrong use of social media"	Social Media opens the door to more recurrent online bullying because of an extra 24/7 constant social interaction with people whether one chooses or not
Social media claims to keep people connected with their families and friends but it actually seems to bring feelings of loneliness more often than it brings feelings of togetherness.	"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."
Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .	Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen
It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.	Social media makes people feel bad about themselves because they see all of the great things that other people are doing and fail to realize that is only because that's what people post.
Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.	For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.
"Social media is a vivid example of technological progress gone wrong. It paves way to increased consumerism, vanity, and self-obsession, not to mention new harmful phenomena such as cyber-bullying"	"Fake news is the new norm, and everyone is too daft to realise they have been manipulated - we call it group think and you are all trapped in the same mindset as everyone else."
"It is a ""judgemental"" space, which means that people judge you for your ideas, instead of understanding your PoV."	"While we are social creatures, social media distorts reality, creates unfair expectations, and is the way to rule by bullying."
Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.	"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."
The filtering algorithms of some social media sites alienate some users. It also leads to a false presumption that certain points of view are representative of the majority when they are not.	"Social media does bring a more complicated set of scenarios in a country like India, where people blindly believe any false news or headline they read. Certain elements to cause riots and create separation in society."
"Social Media is an extremely powerful tool, provided used in the right context.However, it is currently used mostly to circulate very convincing fake news , resulting in the mass having misplaced beliefs."	I witnessed Social media being use to undermine democracy and free speech to the US when it was about to elect an utterly incompetent and morally despicable president. Social media can bring more harm than good.
Human race is not ready for an invisible Social Media. Many people hide behind the faceless social platforms. Face to face communication relies on live interactions between people.	Social media makes people feel bad about themselves because they see all of the great things that other people are doing and fail to realize that is only because that's what people post.
"Social media fosters comparison between the carefully digitally curated images of people's lives. These images often do not reflect the struggles of one's life and hence are not honest. Hence, the connections and interactions are shallow."	"Social Media can be used to spread bad propaganda, fake news, that can have its ripple effect on society. Thus there should be strong regulations on wrong use of social media"
"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."	Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.
Social media causes false rumors to spread fast and cause damage to property and mankind.	Lots of misinformation can be spread around the world in real time in a snow ball effect.
People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.	"Social media intrudes into the house, meaning that bullying can extend from the classroom into the bedroom. This is leading to mental health issues in young people."
"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."	"Social media intrudes into the house, meaning that bullying can extend from the classroom into the bedroom. This is leading to mental health issues in young people."
Social media platforms do not enforce strong identification of the person behind an identity allowing abuse and misuse of the capability	"While we are social creatures, social media distorts reality, creates unfair expectations, and is the way to rule by bullying."
It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.	"People mostly post their personal good times. Frequent users view others having fun and being social and happy all of the time. By comparison, they perceive their own lives to be less joyful and social."
"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."	Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.
People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.	Social media causes false rumors to spread fast and cause damage to property and mankind.
Many people are addicted to the internet and the snippets of information it provides. It is dumbing us down.	Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.
The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.	social media turns society into a high school mentality when popularity is the only measure of success and happines
Social interactions existed before Facebook without many of the adverse effects it brought to the world.	Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.
Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content	Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways
"Social media brings more harm than good - Now days it is being used as tool to manipulate opinion and hiding the set back of the thing ,Blaming others of the consequences which are non avoidable."	"People mostly tend to depict the best of their lives on social media. The result is people seeing an idealized picture of everyone else's life and feeling theirs are inadequate, which causes psychological harms."
Everyone try to post all positive and good news and events or there will be posts which are extremely bad. This will lead reader that everything is good and reader is having less in everything	It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.
Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.	"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"
Lots of misinformation can be spread around the world in real time in a snow ball effect.	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."	"People have turned to social media for their news, which had seen their news feeds respond with very similar points of view. It has skewed public discourse into group thinking. People don't question, the news story."
Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .	Social media is counterproductive against people privacy as it promotes the sharing of information without providing data handling transparency
The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.	Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.
Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.	"When the world is perfect and mine is a mess, I get depressed. Or when my day is going well, and I read about war, I get depressed. Social media is not under my control."
Lots of misinformation can be spread around the world in real time in a snow ball effect.	Social media exposes personal information to many entities that can and will use it in a harmful way
Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy	In a developing country like India what's app and facebook has become a major source of spreading fake news. These fake news has resulted in violence and lynching.
Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.	"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."
Social media if not used responsibly can create chaos in a society. This is dangerous than any World War that we have witnessed in the recent past.	Our current generation of social media profiles us and curates content based on what will keep us engaged for their profit rather than improve our knowledge and outreach to others we may benefit from.
Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.	Technology obfuscates the signals humans have evolved to show in interacting resulting in a lack of sensitivity in how we interact through social media
We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.	Our current generation of social media profiles us and curates content based on what will keep us engaged for their profit rather than improve our knowledge and outreach to others we may benefit from.
Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.	The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.
People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.	It supports a hive mentality. Allowing people to reinforce possibly false beliefs.
"Social media gives us an illusion of accessing diverse information sources, but at the end we only see the ideas and opinions we like"	Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.
Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.	Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.
"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."	Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.
Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.	people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others
It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news	Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.
"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"	News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.
People are wasting too much of their time on social media.	Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.
"People have turned to social media for their news, which had seen their news feeds respond with very similar points of view. It has skewed public discourse into group thinking. People don't question, the news story."	"higher risk that some of the facts quotations from a particular source in an article are false. newspapers might lose customers if people find out they gave been selling lies, a blog can be easily deleted."
Everyones privacy is greatly harmed by the access the internet provides and lack of responsibility and privacy standards and guidelines we hold businesses accountable for.	"Contrary to its name, social media can be insular and fosters indirect vs. direct communication, while also increasing personal data security risks."
Social media platforms do not enforce strong identification of the person behind an identity allowing abuse and misuse of the capability	People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.
People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
"Social media can be used to spread many false rumors and information, which causes an overload of information."	Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.
Unrestricted usage of social media causes loss of productivity and effective time of employees.	It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news
"Social media fosters comparison between the carefully digitally curated images of people's lives. These images often do not reflect the struggles of one's life and hence are not honest. Hence, the connections and interactions are shallow."	Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."
Social media is a source of fake news.	Social media can easily be used to mislead people
"Social media distorts each user's view of the world by focusing attention on only those people, topics, places, and events that each user is interested in."	Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.
more unuseful social media more waste time for us.	Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information
"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."	Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.
Social media causes less face to face interaction	Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.
Many people are addicted to the internet and the snippets of information it provides. It is dumbing us down.	"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"
Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!	it's easy to create false social media accounts and skew polls or public perception
Many people are addicted to the internet and the snippets of information it provides. It is dumbing us down.	Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.
People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.	"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."
"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."	"Social media brings more harm than good because it limits one's exposure to posts which support one's viewpoint, rather than expose one to differing viewpoints."
Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.	People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.
People spend much more time on the internet than in real life.	Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.
Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones	Social media exposes personal information to many entities that can and will use it in a harmful way
Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think	more unuseful social media more waste time for us.
"Social media can be addictive, causing unsafe behaviours like checking phones while driving"	"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"
Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society	Everyones privacy is greatly harmed by the access the internet provides and lack of responsibility and privacy standards and guidelines we hold businesses accountable for.
Technology obfuscates the signals humans have evolved to show in interacting resulting in a lack of sensitivity in how we interact through social media	"People now cross streets, run into people because they are just too focussed on the social media."
Social media claims to keep people connected with their families and friends but it actually seems to bring feelings of loneliness more often than it brings feelings of togetherness.	"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."
"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"	Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.
Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access	Social media can easily be used to mislead people
People spend much more time on the internet than in real life.	Social media increases bullying on a scale never seen before.
decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people	it's easy to create false social media accounts and skew polls or public perception
"Social media distorts each user's view of the world by focusing attention on only those people, topics, places, and events that each user is interested in."	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
We should spend more time on process that doesn't allow bullying and escaping from who you are . Social media allows hiding behind your words.	Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.
"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"	It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.
"People use social media to hide behind, so they can say things they would never say out loud to someone's face. So they are able to be inconsiderate, ugly, hateful, and not censored by others."	"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."
Social media distracts and distorts reality making some feel like failures when they are not	"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."
We should spend more time on process that doesn't allow bullying and escaping from who you are . Social media allows hiding behind your words.	Social Media opens the door to more recurrent online bullying because of an extra 24/7 constant social interaction with people whether one chooses or not
"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."	"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."
Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.	Social media created a platform to connect virtually but people losing human side of life.
"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."	The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.
Social media can easily be used to mislead people	Social Media can be a time-waster and distract us from other things that need our attention.
"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."	I witnessed Social media being use to undermine democracy and free speech to the US when it was about to elect an utterly incompetent and morally despicable president. Social media can bring more harm than good.
"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."	"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."
"Social media can be addictive, causing unsafe behaviours like checking phones while driving"	People are wasting too much of their time on social media.
The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.	Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users
"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."	"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."
"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."	Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.
The filtering algorithms of some social media sites alienate some users. It also leads to a false presumption that certain points of view are representative of the majority when they are not.	"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."
"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."	"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."
Unrestricted usage of social media causes loss of productivity and effective time of employees.	Social media causes less face to face interaction
Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	"Social Media is an extremely powerful tool, provided used in the right context.However, it is currently used mostly to circulate very convincing fake news , resulting in the mass having misplaced beliefs."
Social media is counterproductive against people privacy as it promotes the sharing of information without providing data handling transparency	"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."
Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.	We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.
"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."	Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users
Social media give a platform of expression for racists and antisemites to spread their ideas in the general public	Everyones privacy is greatly harmed by the access the internet provides and lack of responsibility and privacy standards and guidelines we hold businesses accountable for.
People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .	"People mostly tend to depict the best of their lives on social media. The result is people seeing an idealized picture of everyone else's life and feeling theirs are inadequate, which causes psychological harms."
Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.	Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.
"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."	Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .
"Social media allows bullies 24 x 7 access to tools to bully their targets without escape. Further, it promotes the bandwagon phenomenon. Both of these could be mitigated in a physical sense before social media."	"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."
"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."	Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.
Our current generation of social media profiles us and curates content based on what will keep us engaged for their profit rather than improve our knowledge and outreach to others we may benefit from.	Social media is harm because many people use social media with no rights level of digital ethics. The same analogy could be said if people use knife with no ethics.
News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.	"Social media presents as being unbiased in perspectives presented, but can instead favor one side of an issue over another or even block valid perspectives entirely, leading to a skewed view of public opinion."
"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."	Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.
Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.	"Youth use social media as a weapon, to berade their peers, causing huge distress and even suicide, in extreme cases"
"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."	Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.
Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children	Bullying is more popular now that social media is around
"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"	It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.
Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.	Amount of time people spend in face to face conversations is reduced.
Social media exposes personal information to many entities that can and will use it in a harmful way	Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity
"Social media worsens mental health issues of self-worth by facilitating a ""look at me"" culture as users seek self-validation."	Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.
Fake news are more easily spread via social media.	People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.
People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.	Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.
For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.	Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.
I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%	"Youth use social media as a weapon, to berade their peers, causing huge distress and even suicide, in extreme cases"
"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."	The filtering algorithms of some social media sites alienate some users. It also leads to a false presumption that certain points of view are representative of the majority when they are not.
"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."	"Social media has all the addictive qualities of a drug. While there are benefits, the dangers of being sucked into an online universe leaves us at risk of real life isolation and a couch potato life."
People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.	It is addictive and consumes time further filters for information are difficult to set.
Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message	Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.
"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."	"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""
Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.	"Social media is completely un-regulated and they are recklessly sharing our data to their vendors, partners, suppliers and customers. Not acceptable!"
"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."	"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."
"Social media focusses on getting responses. The ability to respond to anything without knowing more than e.g. the allowed max number of Twitter words, influences our culture negatively. Nothing good can come from polarized opinions."	Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.
Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.	"Social media has created the radical, divisive, and uncompromising political climate that we see today."
Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society	"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."
"Social media can be addictive, causing unsafe behaviours like checking phones while driving"	people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others
"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."	"Social media presents as being unbiased in perspectives presented, but can instead favor one side of an issue over another or even block valid perspectives entirely, leading to a skewed view of public opinion."
"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."	Social media is becoming addictive and in many cases indeed brings more harm than good. It is important to educate people on use of social media and the issues that could cause in society.
"Social media brings more harm than good - Now days it is being used as tool to manipulate opinion and hiding the set back of the thing ,Blaming others of the consequences which are non avoidable."	"People use social media to hide behind, so they can say things they would never say out loud to someone's face. So they are able to be inconsiderate, ugly, hateful, and not censored by others."
It is a matter of scale. Relying too heavily on social media may alienate users from the real world.	"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."
Amount of time people spend in face to face conversations is reduced.	Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access
"Social media is problematic because it often creates a ""bubble"" where we interact with people who share our belief int various subjects."	Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy
"Social media is completely un-regulated and they are recklessly sharing our data to their vendors, partners, suppliers and customers. Not acceptable!"	some people are posting non-senses which is a waste of our time to even scan through
"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."	"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."
"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."	It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.
"Social Media is additive time spent on screen has increased too much that can be used for actual human interactions, outdoor activities, games."	Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.
"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."	Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.
Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.	"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"
People tend to hide behind digital personas and speak opinions they would not normally for fear of reprimand in person.	"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."
Social media kills productive time like thinking or physically active time with all its distractions. It also ruins the kids or teenagers with lots of silly social interactions or fake online friendships.	Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.
"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."	Everyone try to post all positive and good news and events or there will be posts which are extremely bad. This will lead reader that everything is good and reader is having less in everything
Social Media opens the door to more recurrent online bullying because of an extra 24/7 constant social interaction with people whether one chooses or not	Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.
Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.	some people are posting non-senses which is a waste of our time to even scan through
"The internet is a major source of information for all. However, online information is not validated. False information can be presented as valid and to many people"	"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."
Social media can be dangerous in terms of spammers and hackers.	Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.
"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."	"Even if connection and news are available on social media, there are so many fake news spread on this and it creates conflicts in society, and this all is based on fake details."
it's easy to create false social media accounts and skew polls or public perception	Social media is bad. We don't like it.
"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"	"Social media shows content similar to the taste of the user, limiting the scope of information that a person is subjected to. This weakens the capacity to understand and accept differing points of view."
Social media can easily be used to mislead people	It is addictive and consumes time further filters for information are difficult to set.
"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."	Technology obfuscates the signals humans have evolved to show in interacting resulting in a lack of sensitivity in how we interact through social media
Social media platforms do not enforce strong identification of the person behind an identity allowing abuse and misuse of the capability	"Social media inhibits individualization, as user are constantly dependent on others for approval and self-worth"
Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.	"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"
"Social media is designed to trigger dopamine responses, forming an addiction. This addiction distorts reality and encourages one to seek out feedback that reinforces that addiction."	The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.
"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"	Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.
Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.	People are wasting too much of their time on social media.
Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .	"Social media is a vivid example of technological progress gone wrong. It paves way to increased consumerism, vanity, and self-obsession, not to mention new harmful phenomena such as cyber-bullying"
"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."	"Social media intrudes into the house, meaning that bullying can extend from the classroom into the bedroom. This is leading to mental health issues in young people."
I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%	Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.
Social media causes less face to face interaction	Social Media has become a distraction from focused work
Social media distracts and distorts reality making some feel like failures when they are not	"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"
Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.	"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."
It is addictive and consumes time further filters for information are difficult to set.	Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.
"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"	People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.
Businesses are negatively impacted due to social media	"Social media has created the radical, divisive, and uncompromising political climate that we see today."
Social media encourages people to make statements that are untrue or unkind by making people feel remote from their actions.	Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.
"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"	"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."
Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.	Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content
"Social media is often used for activities such as stalking, harassing others, and connecting social predators with their victims."	People tend to hide behind digital personas and speak opinions they would not normally for fear of reprimand in person.
Real life is much better than the fake life in Facebook.	Social media can be dangerous in terms of spammers and hackers.
It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.	Social media kills productive time like thinking or physically active time with all its distractions. It also ruins the kids or teenagers with lots of silly social interactions or fake online friendships.
"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."	"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."
"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."	People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.
"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"	"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""
"Youth use social media as a weapon, to berade their peers, causing huge distress and even suicide, in extreme cases"	"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."
Excessive screen time and notifications of individual social media users can easily distract users from face-to-face interaction(s.)	social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."	Social media claims to keep people connected with their families and friends but it actually seems to bring feelings of loneliness more often than it brings feelings of togetherness.
"Fake news is the new norm, and everyone is too daft to realise they have been manipulated - we call it group think and you are all trapped in the same mindset as everyone else."	Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.
People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .	I witnessed Social media being use to undermine democracy and free speech to the US when it was about to elect an utterly incompetent and morally despicable president. Social media can bring more harm than good.
"Because social media can be (many times) anonymous, it allows one to post harmful information. Communication is the soul of our country, we are raising kids without a voice unless they key the information."	"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."
Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think	Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.
It is a matter of scale. Relying too heavily on social media may alienate users from the real world.	Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.
We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.	"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."
People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.	Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content
Social media created a platform to connect virtually but people losing human side of life.	Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.
"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."	"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."
"Social Media is one of the root causes for why our young people today are so stressed, overwhelmed and anxious."	Everyones privacy is greatly harmed by the access the internet provides and lack of responsibility and privacy standards and guidelines we hold businesses accountable for.
"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."	"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."
Social media causes false rumors to spread fast and cause damage to property and mankind.	Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones
"Social media brings more harm than good because it limits one's exposure to posts which support one's viewpoint, rather than expose one to differing viewpoints."	Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.
Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them	Fake news are more easily spread via social media.
Who would trust Facebook or Google these days? We are all being manipulated without even knowing it is happening.	Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.
Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.	Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways
Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.	Excessive screen time and notifications of individual social media users can easily distract users from face-to-face interaction(s.)
The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.	"People now cross streets, run into people because they are just too focussed on the social media."
Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.	"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"
People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.	"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."
Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children	Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!
Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."	"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."
facebook is addicted and still people precious time.	People harm others as they are more anonymous than in real life.
People have started spending more than required time on the social media which is impacting their health both physical and mental	Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.
it's easy to create false social media accounts and skew polls or public perception	anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.
Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy	"I see people in public places, they are glued to the mobile phones busy with social platforms forgetting the nearby people who are physically standing next to them."
"Social media focusses on getting responses. The ability to respond to anything without knowing more than e.g. the allowed max number of Twitter words, influences our culture negatively. Nothing good can come from polarized opinions."	It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.
"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."	"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."
Some politicians use social media as their political message board and that's not how politics should work.	Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances
"The internet is a major source of information for all. However, online information is not validated. False information can be presented as valid and to many people"	"I see people in public places, they are glued to the mobile phones busy with social platforms forgetting the nearby people who are physically standing next to them."
"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."	"It is too easy for people to congregate with other like-minded individuals and reinforce their viewpoints, without the benefit of contrasting/competing views."
"Social media worsens mental health issues of self-worth by facilitating a ""look at me"" culture as users seek self-validation."	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
Social media is counterproductive against people privacy as it promotes the sharing of information without providing data handling transparency	"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."
Social media causes false rumors to spread fast and cause damage to property and mankind.	"While we are social creatures, social media distorts reality, creates unfair expectations, and is the way to rule by bullying."
People have started spending more than required time on the social media which is impacting their health both physical and mental	I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%
"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."	"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."
"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"	We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.
"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"	The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.
"Social media fosters comparison between the carefully digitally curated images of people's lives. These images often do not reflect the struggles of one's life and hence are not honest. Hence, the connections and interactions are shallow."	The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.
"Social Media can be used to spread bad propaganda, fake news, that can have its ripple effect on society. Thus there should be strong regulations on wrong use of social media"	"Social media is designed to trigger dopamine responses, forming an addiction. This addiction distorts reality and encourages one to seek out feedback that reinforces that addiction."
"Because social media can be (many times) anonymous, it allows one to post harmful information. Communication is the soul of our country, we are raising kids without a voice unless they key the information."	"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."
Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"
decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people	Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think
Social media created a platform to connect virtually but people losing human side of life.	Social media give a platform of expression for racists and antisemites to spread their ideas in the general public
Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!	social media turns society into a high school mentality when popularity is the only measure of success and happines
"I see people in public places, they are glued to the mobile phones busy with social platforms forgetting the nearby people who are physically standing next to them."	"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."
"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."	"Youth use social media as a weapon, to berade their peers, causing huge distress and even suicide, in extreme cases"
Social media kills productive time like thinking or physically active time with all its distractions. It also ruins the kids or teenagers with lots of silly social interactions or fake online friendships.	"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"
"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."	The filtering algorithms of some social media sites alienate some users. It also leads to a false presumption that certain points of view are representative of the majority when they are not.
It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.	Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.
"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"	Social media encourages people to make statements that are untrue or unkind by making people feel remote from their actions.
more unuseful social media more waste time for us.	"Social media has created the radical, divisive, and uncompromising political climate that we see today."
"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."	It is a matter of scale. Relying too heavily on social media may alienate users from the real world.
"Social media shows content similar to the taste of the user, limiting the scope of information that a person is subjected to. This weakens the capacity to understand and accept differing points of view."	"Social media has all the addictive qualities of a drug. While there are benefits, the dangers of being sucked into an online universe leaves us at risk of real life isolation and a couch potato life."
Social media can be dangerous in terms of spammers and hackers.	For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.
Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways	Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances
"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."	"Social media creates distractions from real-world relationships. Online interactions and friendships can be valuable, but people should have in-person conversations and local friends, too."
"Social media is a vivid example of technological progress gone wrong. It paves way to increased consumerism, vanity, and self-obsession, not to mention new harmful phenomena such as cyber-bullying"	Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.
Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.	Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access
Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.	People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.
Who would trust Facebook or Google these days? We are all being manipulated without even knowing it is happening.	"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."
"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."	"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."
"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."	"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"
Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.	Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.
"Social media brings more harm than good - Now days it is being used as tool to manipulate opinion and hiding the set back of the thing ,Blaming others of the consequences which are non avoidable."	Focus is easily lost because of chaos and anyone with or without knowledge can opine in support or against a topic. So many a times it becomes mud slinging rather than constructive debates.
People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive	The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.
Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information	Businesses are negatively impacted due to social media
"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."	Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"	"Communication through social media replaces face-to-face communication, making people less skillful in such communication, eventually causing problems in human relationships."
"Social media brings more harm than good because creates echo chambers for bad ideas to spread, like the anti-vaccination movement."	Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.
"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
"Since most people only like posts that they agree with and have friends with similar opinions, social media creats a bubble and people arent exposed to opposing opinions and often become more extreme"	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"	"It's easier to bully in social media, since you don't see the reaction of the people you are offending."
Social media can be used to spread fake news or gossip to sway public opinion unfairly for example against a political contestor.	"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"
"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."	"Communication through social media replaces face-to-face communication, making people less skillful in such communication, eventually causing problems in human relationships."
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.
Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.	"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"
Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.	Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.
Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.	"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."
"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"	Social media can create a hive mind mentality where people will join in on an idea just to fit in with others.
"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."	"In order to attract more views, newspapers publish on their page in social media a link to an article, but with a misleading headline. People who don't read the article may get wrong information."
Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.	Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	People who use social media may be mislead by rumors or misinformation that can negatively affect their life such as in the case of quackery or health advice given by people with no credentials.
Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.	Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common
"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"	Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.
"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."	Anything that is posted online stays online forever and thus may harm young people who post without a second thought and will have to suffer the consequences for the rest of their life.
"Compre to news sites, it's very easy to spread lies and fake news on social media because people are less alert when using it"	"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."
Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.	Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common
"In order to attract more views, newspapers publish on their page in social media a link to an article, but with a misleading headline. People who don't read the article may get wrong information."	"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."
Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers	you can get private information about people and than use it for wrong reasons and crimes.
"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"	Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.
"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."	Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.
Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.	you can get private information about people and than use it for wrong reasons and crimes.
"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"	"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"
"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"	Social media brings more harm than good because encourages young people to spend more time looking at screens and less time together in person.
Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common	"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."
Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them	Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.
"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"	"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"
People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it	"Communication through social media replaces face-to-face communication, making people less skillful in such communication, eventually causing problems in human relationships."
people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.	Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.
Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.	Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.
"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"	A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers
"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"	"Social media brings more harm than good because creates echo chambers for bad ideas to spread, like the anti-vaccination movement."
racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism	"social media is an easy unchecked platform to spread news in, contributing to the rise of fake news and less media credibility"
"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."	"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."
Since people believe the grass is always greener in the other feed they don't feel comfortable sharing of their hardships and iddues that leads to an isolated sociey unaware of the things people are going through.	"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"
"social media is an easy unchecked platform to spread news in, contributing to the rise of fake news and less media credibility"	Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.
Social media can create a hive mind mentality where people will join in on an idea just to fit in with others.	racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism
Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.	"Cyber bullying - when people don't see the person in front of them they're likely to be more cruel, plus it's done more publicly, resulting in more damage to the victim."
"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"	Social media facilitates jealousy and constant self-comparison to other people's profiles and lives.
"Social media brings more harm than good because creates echo chambers for bad ideas to spread, like the anti-vaccination movement."	"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.
Social media can be used to harass individuals with hate messages who would otherwise not receive such in real life.	"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."
Social media is often used to cyber-bully or ostracize someone publicly (especially with teenagers).	"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"
Anything that is posted online stays online forever and thus may harm young people who post without a second thought and will have to suffer the consequences for the rest of their life.	Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.
"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."	"Social media leads to people becoming used to short and simple messages, thus making it harder and less likely for them to reed more profound articles, and that leads to less informed citizens."
racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism	Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.
"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay."	Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."
"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."	"social media causes people more depression in life, because you are less connecting physically with prople"
Social media has been integral to the rise of cyber bullying and mental health issues amongst young people in the past decade.	Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."
Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.	"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"
"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"	Social media creates unrealistic expectations of how your life should be going compared to others.
"Little children, especially young girls, that see on social media that the popular people ate the ones publishing themselves in bathing suits, may feel like they have to do it in order to become popular."	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.	Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.
"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."	"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."
Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.
Since people believe the grass is always greener in the other feed they don't feel comfortable sharing of their hardships and iddues that leads to an isolated sociey unaware of the things people are going through.	"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."
People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it	Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.
"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."	"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"
Social media can create a hive mind mentality where people will join in on an idea just to fit in with others.	Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.
"Social media promotes extremism, since it gets more likes and shares. It enlarges every conflicts and creates very negative discussion that later affect real life issues."	"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."
"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."	Social media made bullying in school a lot worse because now it follows children to their home and it is harder for teachers to see and detect.
children exposed to pedophile and to sexual harassment. every pedophile can connect directly with them.	Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.
"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."	"social media allowed extremists to band together and get the feeling that if there are more of them, then their opinion isn't as radical as they thought (KKK, Neo-Nazis, alt-right, etc..)"
Social media brings more harm than good because encourages young people to spend more time looking at screens and less time together in person.	"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."
"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."	Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others.
"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."	"Social media brings more harm than good because creates echo chambers for bad ideas to spread, like the anti-vaccination movement."
"Children growing in the world of social media learns that their worth is determined by ""likes"" count causing them to focus on self representaion to others instead of building selfworth from within."	"People using social media are far more likely to develop the fear of missing out, feeling bad about themselves because they are not experiencing everything the world has to offer"
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it
Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them	"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."
Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall	"Communication through social media replaces face-to-face communication, making people less skillful in such communication, eventually causing problems in human relationships."
Radicalized people's opinions and creates more backlash and a worse discourse	Social media facilitates jealousy and constant self-comparison to other people's profiles and lives.
"Cyber bullying - when people don't see the person in front of them they're likely to be more cruel, plus it's done more publicly, resulting in more damage to the victim."	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."	Since people believe the grass is always greener in the other feed they don't feel comfortable sharing of their hardships and iddues that leads to an isolated sociey unaware of the things people are going through.
Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.	"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"
"Social media promotes extremism, since it gets more likes and shares. It enlarges every conflicts and creates very negative discussion that later affect real life issues."	"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."
you can get private information about people and than use it for wrong reasons and crimes.	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.
Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.	Social media brings more harm than good because it makes many people anxious and contributes to depression and poor mental health.
Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.	"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."
"Communication through social media replaces face-to-face communication, making people less skillful in such communication, eventually causing problems in human relationships."	people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"Social media platforms allow the spread of fake news, which harms democratic discussion and leads to populist terrible leaders being elected based on false information"
"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."	Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.
"Children growing in the world of social media learns that their worth is determined by ""likes"" count causing them to focus on self representaion to others instead of building selfworth from within."	Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.
Social media can be used to spread fake news or gossip to sway public opinion unfairly for example against a political contestor.	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others.	Social media has been integral to the rise of cyber bullying and mental health issues amongst young people in the past decade.
"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"	"Social media is addicting, taking away from your actual real life relationships that are much more meaningful in the long term."
Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.	Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.
"Social media platforms allow the spread of fake news, which harms democratic discussion and leads to populist terrible leaders being elected based on false information"	Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.
"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."	"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"
"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"	Social Media corporations make their money off of the selling of user's private data to create a profile for advertising which can ruin people's lives.
Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.	Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.
Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.	"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"
"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."	Radicalized people's opinions and creates more backlash and a worse discourse
Social media can be used to harass individuals with hate messages who would otherwise not receive such in real life.	"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"
Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.	"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."	"Since most people only like posts that they agree with and have friends with similar opinions, social media creats a bubble and people arent exposed to opposing opinions and often become more extreme"
Social media makes people feel like if they don't post the thing they did there they didn't really do it. That makes people be busy with their phones instead of living in the moment.	"Echo chamber - posts you see are based on your likes and friends so you'll mostly see opinions that agree with you, reinforcing your prejudices and reducing the chance that people will change their minds"
"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"	"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."
"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."	"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"
"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"	"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."
Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.	Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."	"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."
Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.	"It's easier to bully in social media, since you don't see the reaction of the people you are offending."
"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"	"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"
Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.	Since people believe the grass is always greener in the other feed they don't feel comfortable sharing of their hardships and iddues that leads to an isolated sociey unaware of the things people are going through.
"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay."	"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."
Anything that is posted online stays online forever and thus may harm young people who post without a second thought and will have to suffer the consequences for the rest of their life.	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.	Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.
Anything that is posted online stays online forever and thus may harm young people who post without a second thought and will have to suffer the consequences for the rest of their life.	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."
Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common	Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others.
"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."	Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them
"Since most people only like posts that they agree with and have friends with similar opinions, social media creats a bubble and people arent exposed to opposing opinions and often become more extreme"	"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."
"Echo chamber - posts you see are based on your likes and friends so you'll mostly see opinions that agree with you, reinforcing your prejudices and reducing the chance that people will change their minds"	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."	"Social media is addicting, taking away from your actual real life relationships that are much more meaningful in the long term."
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.	"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"
"Children growing in the world of social media learns that their worth is determined by ""likes"" count causing them to focus on self representaion to others instead of building selfworth from within."	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	Social media can be used by hate groups to recruit and spread their message more effectively.
"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"	A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers
Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.	"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."
Superficiality: people often value each other through they 'likes' they get. Often they follow existing trends just for the sake of getting likes. This creates unhealthy pressures such as body shaming.	"social media gets lots of people addicted to it, making them constantly worried about their posts and causes them stress instead of living the moment with the people around them"
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	People who use social media may be mislead by rumors or misinformation that can negatively affect their life such as in the case of quackery or health advice given by people with no credentials.
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."
Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.	"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users."
"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."	you can get private information about people and than use it for wrong reasons and crimes.
"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."	"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."
Social networks help governments spy against their citizens	"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."
Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.	Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.
"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."	"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"
Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.	People who use social media may be mislead by rumors or misinformation that can negatively affect their life such as in the case of quackery or health advice given by people with no credentials.
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers	Social media can be used to harass individuals with hate messages who would otherwise not receive such in real life.
Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.	"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."
"social media gets lots of people addicted to it, making them constantly worried about their posts and causes them stress instead of living the moment with the people around them"	"Cyber bullying - when people don't see the person in front of them they're likely to be more cruel, plus it's done more publicly, resulting in more damage to the victim."
"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."	The information spreaded is social media is rarely verified. Great part of the information shared via social media is misleading or simply false. People can’t tell what is true- fake news media.
"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"	Social media can be used to harass individuals with hate messages who would otherwise not receive such in real life.
Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.	"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."
Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.	Radicalized people's opinions and creates more backlash and a worse discourse
Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.
"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."	"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."
Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.	Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.
Social media can be used to harass individuals with hate messages who would otherwise not receive such in real life.	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
"social media allowed extremists to band together and get the feeling that if there are more of them, then their opinion isn't as radical as they thought (KKK, Neo-Nazis, alt-right, etc..)"	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
"Social media platforms allow the spread of fake news, which harms democratic discussion and leads to populist terrible leaders being elected based on false information"	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."
people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.	"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."
"In order to attract more views, newspapers publish on their page in social media a link to an article, but with a misleading headline. People who don't read the article may get wrong information."	"social media gets lots of people addicted to it, making them constantly worried about their posts and causes them stress instead of living the moment with the people around them"
Social media can cause false news to be spread widely and very quickly possibly causing panic	Social Media is becoming more addictive among young generations. People waste time posting unwanted &amp; unnecessary personal status updates in public.
Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.	"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."
People tend to post just happy moments and sometimes they force situations to present an unreal life just to be accepted by others and to be remembered in a positive way by the audience.	It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.
"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."	"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."
Our current generation of social media profiles us and curates content based on what will keep us engaged for their profit rather than improve our knowledge and outreach to others we may benefit from.	"It brings harm when you think it in long term. In short term, it gives you good feelings such as helpful info or pics you like. However they are nothing to your life after all."
Advantage is taken by people who would like to influence crowd mentality for malicious motives.	The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.
Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen	Who would trust Facebook or Google these days? We are all being manipulated without even knowing it is happening.
Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.	It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.
Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.	"Social media can exacerbate feelings of disconnect and put children at higher risk for anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, eating disorders and even suicide."
Unrestricted usage of social media causes loss of productivity and effective time of employees.	The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.
It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news	Social media can rapidly spread disinformation and misinformation irregardless of the truth.
"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"	"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."
"Social does not bring the full reality of lives...only an imbalanced view. You see the family happily gathered around a Xmas tree, not the 2 hour screaming, and yelling argument that preceded it."	"In social media it's really easy to disappear behind a fake profile, and this is showing to the world the abundance of people that is only waiting for a possibility to do bad things"
"Youth use social media as a weapon, to berade their peers, causing huge distress and even suicide, in extreme cases"	"Hate posts, inappropriate content, over indulgence to likes, etc. affects health and well being."
"Social media steal our attention and consumes our time with bite-size information that seems to be inoffensive, but turns out to be overwhelming."	The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.
People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.	some people are posting non-senses which is a waste of our time to even scan through
People tends to see only what reinforce their beliefs and thoughts and don't take in consideration alternative and opposite point of views.	Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society
Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances	anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.
Real life is much better than the fake life in Facebook.	Increased use of social media has proven to contribute towards an increase in depression and anxiety.
"The internet is a major source of information for all. However, online information is not validated. False information can be presented as valid and to many people"	"Time spent on social media is time NOT spent interacting with others in person (or downright ignoring people right next to them), leading to people feeling even more disconnected and with fewer social skills."
"Social networks are helping fake news to be spread everywhere in seconds, creating a parallell reality sometimes difficult to verify, which may respond to unclear interests"	Social Media opens the door to more recurrent online bullying because of an extra 24/7 constant social interaction with people whether one chooses or not
It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.	"Talking about the negative aspects of these social media is like: Loss of communication ,friendly outings . There was a era where people used to go out for outings,prepare food organize gatherings , share there thoughts"
"SM often fails to provide the context, leading to mis-interpreation."	Social media is bad. We don't like it.
"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."	"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."
Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a phenomenon that was born at the sametime as Facebook and its one of the most common negative effects of social media.Fear is constantly fueled by your social media engagement	"Now,Social Media is a way to breach individual personal information and alarm for Country safety or it could be advertising intelligence &amp; habits patterns. The breach goes beyond fingerprints and face recognition even. People must aware"
Social media creates bubbles of information and people believe that they represent the reality of the society.	Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts
"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."	Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones
Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.	Need to have you alert hat ON for all the fake news that inhabits the space
Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful	Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think
We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.	"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."
Social media notifications can be a constant distraction from work or focused tasks	Peoples privacy is decreasing as social media gives them a fake presence
Use of social media can be very addictive for many and time using it is wasted.	Social media makes people dumb. They lose contact with the real world.
Social Media has allow opinion to be viewed as fact. Making a statement without the facts backing up the statement is harmful. Let's turn off Social Media and get back to facts based commentary.	"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."
it is easy to put false information and people around will believe that information is true	Social media is a means for anonymous bullying with no consequences.
Mind is fascinated by information overload on social media and the need for real/actual social interaction gets lost which is unhealthy in the long run.	"Social media makes every interaction a flat experience, as all styling of content is defined by the platform and each sentence spoken causes a monotonous expression of thoughts."
Social Media makes parents ignore their children. Children grow up believing social media is what life is all about and everything else is unimportant.	Human race is not ready for an invisible Social Media. Many people hide behind the faceless social platforms. Face to face communication relies on live interactions between people.
People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive	social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."	We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.
People are distracted by constant inflow of information	Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information
"Life on social Media is extremely carefully curated, more often than not, boosted by marketing and PR agencies. There is not much realism left and the social connection is often connecting to brand and despair"	Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.
"Because social media can be (many times) anonymous, it allows one to post harmful information. Communication is the soul of our country, we are raising kids without a voice unless they key the information."	"Humans are inherently tribal and social media increases that tendency - while opening us to others, the echo chamber reinforces our tribal bias, and and bots and algorithms in the platforms further distort those biases"
People live different life on social media. This impersonation sometimes connects them to the darkest ant the meanest people who again are impersonating to be their PALs	Social media has created an unnecessary itch that needs to be scratched every few seconds. Why scratch when we can avoid it altogether.
"Social media is information power which can be abused if not used with judgement, and Cognitive capabilities can help qualify author, relevance to personal content to help build careers, communities and innovation."	"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."
"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"	"Folks are pushed to get a ""like"" on the various posts on social media and this governs all actions in their life, losing touch with reality often."
Fake news are easily spread resulting in wrongly informed citizens	"Social media interactions allow for shallow human relationships, based on one's projected image rather than actual character."
We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.	Social media is easy to manipulate: irresponsible or malevolent inputs may ruin personal life of the target individual or spread fake information that can induce fatal actions by ignorant people.
"Social media enables plethora of opportunities yet doesn't restrict the detrimental/harmful usage therefore most use 30% constructively and 70% destructively. Overall, bringing more harm than good, The weapon in the hands of kids, playfully dangerous."	"In social media it's really easy to disappear behind a fake profile, and this is showing to the world the abundance of people that is only waiting for a possibility to do bad things"
People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.	Social media is a means to disseminate false or incomplete information with no checks and balances.
Social media causes less face to face interaction	Social media drives a negative view of the world by driving disagreement.
"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."	"Now,Social Media is a way to breach individual personal information and alarm for Country safety or it could be advertising intelligence &amp; habits patterns. The breach goes beyond fingerprints and face recognition even. People must aware"
We have become so dependent on social media we no longer realize the dangers involved in sharing our information. Allowing these companies to access so much of our information poses a great risk to our privacy.	"Now,Social Media is a way to breach individual personal information and alarm for Country safety or it could be advertising intelligence &amp; habits patterns. The breach goes beyond fingerprints and face recognition even. People must aware"
Social media causes false rumors to spread fast and cause damage to property and mankind.	Social media is a place where you can influence people by giving false statistics and no one would verify that
"Because social media can be (many times) anonymous, it allows one to post harmful information. Communication is the soul of our country, we are raising kids without a voice unless they key the information."	Social media can harm as no filter nor right to really eliminate the publication is posibble. Always connected and Omnipresent produce a high speed propagation of (mis)infomation that can destroy somenone
"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."	Human nature is to want to experience what our peers or heroes have and do. Human nature is also to only project the best presentation of ourselves. Social media is a megaphone. Unhappiness ensues.
Advantage is taken by people who would like to influence crowd mentality for malicious motives.	Social media notifications can be a constant distraction from work or focused tasks
Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.	"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"
Organizations can manipulate and spread messages to influence people in a way other media could not match.	Social media creates bubbles of information and people believe that they represent the reality of the society.
"The unsupported hyperbole ridden statements which exists on social media can create unwarranted and in many cases harmful and unnecessary outcry. This can cost jobs, and livelihoods."	Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.
Social media is uncontrolled network which can give fame or shame to anyone without acknowledging the facts.	"Social media use can cause personality and brain disorders, ADHD and self-centered personalities, particularly in youth."
"Given the trend of censorship currently being put in place over all social medias, by all governments including democracies, yes it will bring more harm than good when this censorship becomes a full reality. Big Brother."	People are tending to interact more with the people who are far away than with the people around them because of their addiction to the interacting devices which is leading to less interpersonal skills in them
None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.	"Even if connection and news are available on social media, there are so many fake news spread on this and it creates conflicts in society, and this all is based on fake details."
"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."	People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .
"Social media creates unrealistic standards and expectations when it comes to physical appearance and fitness for tweens, teens, and young adults while their brains are still developing."	Social media's business model establishes the user and his/her data as the product which provides opportunity for malicious use of private information.
People are tending to interact more with the people who are far away than with the people around them because of their addiction to the interacting devices which is leading to less interpersonal skills in them	Social media is easy to manipulate: irresponsible or malevolent inputs may ruin personal life of the target individual or spread fake information that can induce fatal actions by ignorant people.
"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."	"Social does not bring the full reality of lives...only an imbalanced view. You see the family happily gathered around a Xmas tree, not the 2 hour screaming, and yelling argument that preceded it."
Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.	Social media is a source of fake news from professional trolls.
Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.	Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.
It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news	"People now cross streets, run into people because they are just too focussed on the social media."
Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.	Bullying is more popular now that social media is around
None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.	"People use social media to hide behind, so they can say things they would never say out loud to someone's face. So they are able to be inconsiderate, ugly, hateful, and not censored by others."
Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.
Tool to make promise and belief and masses fall prey to it . For a commoner it serves as a bane.	"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."
The amount of time needed for a person to keep abreast of social media is way too high for the insight gained.	"It is too easy for people to congregate with other like-minded individuals and reinforce their viewpoints, without the benefit of contrasting/competing views."
"Social media merely acted like a catalyst to false news, rumors and influenced political and financial gains for few. It has driven people to an unrealistic fantasy to make believe and propel against by trolls."	"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."
"The interactions, guise of anonymity and lack of recourse bring out a dark and cruel side of people. One where people say some of their darkest thoughts that would typically be left unsaid"	"Social media creates manipulation channel due to location spoofing, impersonation, lack of dynamics in identification of source not to mention paid channels to distort reality, thousands of payed trolls. Without a better control results are catastrophic"
decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people	Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.
Social media is a type of artificial life that leads people to mistake it for real life.	"Social media enable people with dagerous views and powers to group and plan potentially violent and hateful actions, thus endangering us all."
"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."	People tend to post just happy moments and sometimes they force situations to present an unreal life just to be accepted by others and to be remembered in a positive way by the audience.
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	Social Media makes people sicker. The ads make them think they need medicine and doctors but what they really need is a connection to the natural world - to be immersed in nature.
"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."	"People often interact with social media instead of being actually social, an important aspect of mental health. People should police themselves to use social media only when other social outlets are absent."
Social media is definitely more harmful than good. There is no authenticity about the information which is provided on social media due to which lot of people make misuse of it.	Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.
"Social media enables particularly vicious cyber-bullying, especially among teenagers."	Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.
"Time spent on social media is time NOT spent interacting with others in person (or downright ignoring people right next to them), leading to people feeling even more disconnected and with fewer social skills."	Social media gives extremists a place where they can express their hateful ideas without being contested. that's because of the artificial bubble social media creates in which people see only what they want to see
"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."	Fake accounts on social media is encouraging participants in social media to hide behind anonymity
"Information overload from social media causes loss of focus, creates biases and takes away a lot of time from important and necessary things (parenting, reading books, studying, sports...)"	Social media makes people fat and lazy. They sit all day when they should be going out and actually interacting with people.
"Agreed!! Especially during election season. By not having the human connection, civility, tone and intent are lost. There are more personal attacks.News items need to be vetted and researched very thoroughly."	social engineeered and most of the social media accounts are fake and create ripples accross the familes and society to coverup the the hidden and personal agenda of some groups and parties
"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."	"Social media allows bullies 24 x 7 access to tools to bully their targets without escape. Further, it promotes the bandwagon phenomenon. Both of these could be mitigated in a physical sense before social media."
Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.	"Social Media brings more harm... although there are benefits from the social connections they foster and form, there are significant issues around loss of societal productivity, creating too much data, and concerns around personal data privacy."
Social media feeds the egos of people letting them share only the best aspects of their lives.	"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."
"The risk of evil uses of public postings far out weigh the potential benefits. Social media postings are forever, which few users consider."	"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."
"Social Media brings more harm... although there are benefits from the social connections they foster and form, there are significant issues around loss of societal productivity, creating too much data, and concerns around personal data privacy."	Social media can harm as no filter nor right to really eliminate the publication is posibble. Always connected and Omnipresent produce a high speed propagation of (mis)infomation that can destroy somenone
"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"	"When a service is free, the customer is the product, as is in the case of social media. Using data to manipulate societal opinions is unethical and detrimental to long standing structures of governance and empathy."
Social media has become increasingly cited in divorce cases and linked to depression.	Social media reduces the willingness to communicate face to face
Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a phenomenon that was born at the sametime as Facebook and its one of the most common negative effects of social media.Fear is constantly fueled by your social media engagement	"Being able to synthesize every thought that there is, in a social media post, no matter how false or unreal they are, is a real show of nerve which tests our tolerance limits"
"Social Media platform is being wrongly utilized by the political fraternity; to track, trace and manipulate one's viewpoint, without one's knowledge - which is dangerous for the democracy of any country."	"What people don't say publicly in a crowd, they believe it is easier to say in the safety of four walls through social media. Polarisation is high due to strong partisan opinions and fake news."
decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people	"Social media, as it is practiced today, is anonymous and crimes can be committed and untraceable."
Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.	Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.
"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."	"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."
It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.	Social Media has become a distraction from focused work
Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.	Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity
Your image can be used for criminal activity if proper care is not taken while sharing your pictures online.	Social media has created an unnecessary itch that needs to be scratched every few seconds. Why scratch when we can avoid it altogether.
social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	Shit storms can create hostility even if there is nothing to it. Facts are not checked
"People mostly tend to depict the best of their lives on social media. The result is people seeing an idealized picture of everyone else's life and feeling theirs are inadequate, which causes psychological harms."	"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."
"Talking about the negative aspects of these social media is like: Loss of communication ,friendly outings . There was a era where people used to go out for outings,prepare food organize gatherings , share there thoughts"	"Social media assumes every opinion has value. I would assert that some opinions should carry more value or no value depending on the source. Unfortunately, many social users are not able to accurately assess these values."
Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways	"Social media has created the radical, divisive, and uncompromising political climate that we see today."
People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive	Bullying is more popular now that social media is around
it is easy to put false information and people around will believe that information is true	"Social media use can cause personality and brain disorders, ADHD and self-centered personalities, particularly in youth."
"The anonymity afforded by social media leads some people (e.g. trolls) to feel emboldened to say hurtful things that they would not say face-to-face. As such, it can be considered to do harm."	"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"
Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.	Social media allows for false lives and circumstances to be presented as truth which leads to inaccurate comparisons to ones own life resulting in a negative self perception
Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.	"Causes weight gain interacting with the screen instead of F2F, like walking to the neighbor, driving to meet someone, or walking up the stairs to someone in the same house or office."
Social media polarises the society and favor extremisms and violence.	Social media can be a drain on time and use up hours that you cannot get back.
social media just generate instantaneous reaction and don't provide time for deep debate argumented and counterargumented and deep thinking	"Social media allows malign individuals to manipulate the mindset of suggestible readers, and we are all more suggestible than we admit."
Its dangerous when if becomes and addiction and difficult to quit even if the person wants to	"Social media, as it's designed today, feeds off of our instincts, not the best versions of ourselves."
"higher risk that some of the facts quotations from a particular source in an article are false. newspapers might lose customers if people find out they gave been selling lies, a blog can be easily deleted."	Social media has diluted the thought process of young individuals people perceive and see them selves which is not REAL when a 10 year old kid edit his c and shares then there something WRONG
Social media is an open forum for anonymous and abusive bullying.	Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.
Social Media often spreads messages without any validation of informational accuracy	social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen	"Social Media is additive time spent on screen has increased too much that can be used for actual human interactions, outdoor activities, games."
Social media often allows people to inflate their importance to celebrity status without any substance	It supports a hive mentality. Allowing people to reinforce possibly false beliefs.
Fake news are more easily spread via social media.	It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.
Children and young adults are struggling in school because of the overuse of social media on smartphones which is taking away from their focus in the classroom	Social media has helped make people more vain by giving more exposure to their lives and by it's algorithms being used to reinforce their own preference to information supporting their points-of-view
"Social media assumes every opinion has value. I would assert that some opinions should carry more value or no value depending on the source. Unfortunately, many social users are not able to accurately assess these values."	People tend to post just happy moments and sometimes they force situations to present an unreal life just to be accepted by others and to be remembered in a positive way by the audience.
"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."	"Social media platforms tend to make people feel inferior and inadequate. For instance, if you see that all your friends are posting pics of international vacations, but you cannot afford those. you would become depressed"
Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.	Social media is extremely addictive and has taken the place of face-to-face interaction that kids used to grow up with.
Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them	Social media makes people less social as they lose their face to face communications skills
People are distracted by constant inflow of information	Fake accounts on social media is encouraging participants in social media to hide behind anonymity
"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."	"Social Media brings more harm... although there are benefits from the social connections they foster and form, there are significant issues around loss of societal productivity, creating too much data, and concerns around personal data privacy."
"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."	"Social media is completely un-regulated and they are recklessly sharing our data to their vendors, partners, suppliers and customers. Not acceptable!"
social media turns society into a high school mentality when popularity is the only measure of success and happines	"Social media appears to consist of egotistical self gratification, resulting in extreme amounts of time wasting."
Social media has contributed to the current inability for people to express a differing opinion in a civil manner. Anonymity allows untruths and hatred to proliferate unchecked. The ability to critically analyze a subject has eroded.	Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.
Social media makes people sick because they spend too much time indoors when they should be outside.	"It is a ""judgemental"" space, which means that people judge you for your ideas, instead of understanding your PoV."
"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"	"Folks are pushed to get a ""like"" on the various posts on social media and this governs all actions in their life, losing touch with reality often."
"It gives ~advantageous / level-playing field to bad-actors (criminals, propaganda, non-constructive / abusive intents)"	Excessive screen time and notifications of individual social media users can easily distract users from face-to-face interaction(s.)
"Humans are inherently tribal and social media increases that tendency - while opening us to others, the echo chamber reinforces our tribal bias, and and bots and algorithms in the platforms further distort those biases"	"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""
Social Media makes parents ignore their children. Children grow up believing social media is what life is all about and everything else is unimportant.	"most of social media inputs are small statements like ""punchlines"", which are absolutely inaccurate to discuss complex problems or solutions."
Social media can easily be used to mislead people	Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity
Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.	Social media is a type of artificial life that leads people to mistake it for real life.
Focus is easily lost because of chaos and anyone with or without knowledge can opine in support or against a topic. So many a times it becomes mud slinging rather than constructive debates.	People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.
The amount of time we spend daily consumed by social media is astonishing when mapped out and most people wouldn't feel comfortable with their consumption numbers.	Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.
I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%	"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."
"Social media worsens mental health issues of self-worth by facilitating a ""look at me"" culture as users seek self-validation."	On social media - reality is intermingled with falsehood and the potential to discern between them is limited especially for gullible consumers
People seek out experiences only for the sake of sharing them and during the experience focus only on capturing it not on experiencing it	In a developing country like India what's app and facebook has become a major source of spreading fake news. These fake news has resulted in violence and lynching.
Social media removes the need for real interpersonal communication.	Social media polarises the society and favor extremisms and violence.
Platforms such as Facebook MessengerKids; still has an unclear privacy policy. Such platforms unless regulated by Govt policies are bound to tend towards sharing user's data across platforms/orgs/service partners &amp; finally compromising the objective.	"Social media became a platform where a mistake of a person, no matter how petty it is, can be seen by anyone connected to the internet and can result to the individual being cyber bullied."
"Social media fosters comparison between the carefully digitally curated images of people's lives. These images often do not reflect the struggles of one's life and hence are not honest. Hence, the connections and interactions are shallow."	People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.
Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a phenomenon that was born at the sametime as Facebook and its one of the most common negative effects of social media.Fear is constantly fueled by your social media engagement	Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.
"most of social media inputs are small statements like ""punchlines"", which are absolutely inaccurate to discuss complex problems or solutions."	Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.
Social media is extremely addictive and has taken the place of face-to-face interaction that kids used to grow up with.	"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."
social media just generate instantaneous reaction and don't provide time for deep debate argumented and counterargumented and deep thinking	People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.
Social Media has the same effect as a 24 hour news cycle. It's an overkill of information that effects people's mindsets on various views.	Over use of social media leads to people becoming introverted and unable to converse in real life
Social media has contributed to the current inability for people to express a differing opinion in a civil manner. Anonymity allows untruths and hatred to proliferate unchecked. The ability to critically analyze a subject has eroded.	Social media has now become a very potent tool in the hands of rogue people and governments. Citizens in particular are being manipulated into believing fake news causing polarization in society and weakening democratic institutions.
Social media can cause false news to be spread widely and very quickly possibly causing panic	The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.
"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."	The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.
It is easy to voice our opinions online where we don't face the consequences of our words. This has led to a rise in cyber-bullying and real people are being hurt by social media.	"When the world is perfect and mine is a mess, I get depressed. Or when my day is going well, and I read about war, I get depressed. Social media is not under my control."
Fake accounts on social media is encouraging participants in social media to hide behind anonymity	decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people
"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."	"People who post extensively on social media are the ones who feel the need to be appreciated ,want to grab attention and hide their reality and making others feel inferior."
"People mostly post their personal good times. Frequent users view others having fun and being social and happy all of the time. By comparison, they perceive their own lives to be less joyful and social."	"Social media creates manipulation channel due to location spoofing, impersonation, lack of dynamics in identification of source not to mention paid channels to distort reality, thousands of payed trolls. Without a better control results are catastrophic"
"Social media are being abuse by people as propaganda , which disturb the society harmony"	"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"
Failure to properly regulated or self-protect the use and/or sale of personal information has put the long term viability of social media in jeopardy.	Over use of social media leads to people becoming introverted and unable to converse in real life
"Social Media is an extremely powerful tool, provided used in the right context.However, it is currently used mostly to circulate very convincing fake news , resulting in the mass having misplaced beliefs."	Social media is becoming addictive and in many cases indeed brings more harm than good. It is important to educate people on use of social media and the issues that could cause in society.
Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.	"People who post extensively on social media are the ones who feel the need to be appreciated ,want to grab attention and hide their reality and making others feel inferior."
Social media creates a virtual ecosystem which fools the human mind of social interactions via social platforms. which its actually not - nowhere near.	Mind is fascinated by information overload on social media and the need for real/actual social interaction gets lost which is unhealthy in the long run.
"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."	Social media can be used to inflame vast numbers of people that have no true understanding of an issue.
"Agreed!! Especially during election season. By not having the human connection, civility, tone and intent are lost. There are more personal attacks.News items need to be vetted and researched very thoroughly."	"Politically charged discussions are often hotly contested on social media, where trolls often also stoke further division and active listening and discussion turn into online shouting matches."
Failure to properly regulated or self-protect the use and/or sale of personal information has put the long term viability of social media in jeopardy.	"Greedy irresponsible companies intentionally engineer apps to employ psychological techniques that manipulate end user behavior for the sole benefit of the companies , completely disregarding end user well-being ."
Social Media makes parents ignore their children. Children grow up believing social media is what life is all about and everything else is unimportant.	Social media becomes an echo chamber; new information I see repeats information I have and does not expand my horizons
Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a phenomenon that was born at the sametime as Facebook and its one of the most common negative effects of social media.Fear is constantly fueled by your social media engagement	"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."
Social media has become increasingly cited in divorce cases and linked to depression.	there are no civility rules in social media.
"Some of the harms which Social media is bringing are lack of patience in day to day life, which has started impacting people life. More and more comparison culture."	"Social media is designed to trigger dopamine responses, forming an addiction. This addiction distorts reality and encourages one to seek out feedback that reinforces that addiction."
"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"	"Social media can endanger our military, journalists and activists."
Social media creates an unnecessary peer pressure on millennials to live up to needless and unrealistic expectations of people they see on social media.	"The average user assumes only innocent use of the submissions. Over time, authoritarian regimes might leverage it for very bad reasons. Submissions are forever, and submitters are perpetually exposed. Think Stalin/Hitler"
Social Media makes people sicker. The ads make them think they need medicine and doctors but what they really need is a connection to the natural world - to be immersed in nature.	"Social media poses a unique threat to our children. Parents love posting pictures to get likes but don't realize that there are predators online who use those pictures in other, more dangerous and illegal, forums."
"Echo chambers are a serious issue these days, resulting in people who are unaware of what happens in the real world around them"	"Social media is problematic because it often creates a ""bubble"" where we interact with people who share our belief int various subjects."
In a developing country like India what's app and facebook has become a major source of spreading fake news. These fake news has resulted in violence and lynching.	"Supposedly created for transparency, social media are in fact most of the times used anonymously and therefore be a place for useless , violent, false arguments"
"Social media enable people with dagerous views and powers to group and plan potentially violent and hateful actions, thus endangering us all."	"Social media is spreading fake news at an incredible pace, manipulation has never been so intense."
"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."	"Agreed!! Especially during election season. By not having the human connection, civility, tone and intent are lost. There are more personal attacks.News items need to be vetted and researched very thoroughly."
"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."	Social media can be addictive for some people and therefore should be treated as drugs.
"Social Media brings more harm... although there are benefits from the social connections they foster and form, there are significant issues around loss of societal productivity, creating too much data, and concerns around personal data privacy."	"Since one is behind a PC, interaction is distant. People tend to be insincere &amp; exaggerate comments. I have yet to meet a person whom when Face to face, exaggerates on those topics."
Social media is counterproductive against people privacy as it promotes the sharing of information without providing data handling transparency	"Social media interactions allow for shallow human relationships, based on one's projected image rather than actual character."
Social media is creating a negative sociological impact since most of the commonly watched material is pushed no one validates the sanctity of the information and envisaging the impact it would create on someones mind	Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.
Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.	"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."
Communication thru social media will reduce and prevent a person discussing/expressing on a face to face basis. Reason is because they feel trapped in the cocoon of the social media. Cannot have F2F conversation.	social engineeered and most of the social media accounts are fake and create ripples accross the familes and society to coverup the the hidden and personal agenda of some groups and parties
Social media makes people think their life is inferior because everyone lies on social media.	there are no civility rules in social media.
Social media has created a generation that compares themselves to others leading to unhappiness with who you really are	Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts
Social media can rapidly spread disinformation and misinformation irregardless of the truth.	Peoples privacy is decreasing as social media gives them a fake presence
People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .	"Unsuitable content is made available to children and students, due to uncontrolled content that is available on social media, this calls for action from all social media providers to filter content as per users maturity."
"Social media creates manipulation channel due to location spoofing, impersonation, lack of dynamics in identification of source not to mention paid channels to distort reality, thousands of payed trolls. Without a better control results are catastrophic"	Social media creates unrealistic world as users highlight better aspects of their life. Users avoid meeting inperson thus becoming introverted &amp; loosing human touch. Users don't filter their words as they hide their identity behind screen
"Unsuitable content is made available to children and students, due to uncontrolled content that is available on social media, this calls for action from all social media providers to filter content as per users maturity."	"Social media normalises undesirable behaviour. It easier for terrorists, pedophiles, traffickers to organise and also says ""what you are doing is ok."" This does long term harm to society and outweighs the good."
Social media is often misused as a channel to spread rumors and falsehoods and such news can spread in an uncontrolled manner	Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.
"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."	"Social media gives us an illusion of accessing diverse information sources, but at the end we only see the ideas and opinions we like"
"It is stressful, reduces productivity creativity adding to it costs money and it going to start costing much more as sites find new ways to monetize. This is not real"	"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."
Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.	News spread much faster through social media. No validation of fake news creates panic and spreads wrong messages to the people.
Your image can be used for criminal activity if proper care is not taken while sharing your pictures online.	Use of Human Psychology and advanced science to captivate humans in to computer systems makes social media a little bit dangerous .
Social media is a means for anonymous bullying with no consequences.	People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.
The filtering algorithms of some social media sites alienate some users. It also leads to a false presumption that certain points of view are representative of the majority when they are not.	"Social media in its current and most prolific forms rewards users' negative traits, like attention seeking, and reduces their real-life interactions with other human beings."
"Unsuitable content is made available to children and students, due to uncontrolled content that is available on social media, this calls for action from all social media providers to filter content as per users maturity."	"What people don't say publicly in a crowd, they believe it is easier to say in the safety of four walls through social media. Polarisation is high due to strong partisan opinions and fake news."
Social media changes the way people think by subconsciously controlling their thinking process.	Unrestricted usage of social media causes loss of productivity and effective time of employees.
"Social media fosters comparison between the carefully digitally curated images of people's lives. These images often do not reflect the struggles of one's life and hence are not honest. Hence, the connections and interactions are shallow."	Platforms such as Facebook MessengerKids; still has an unclear privacy policy. Such platforms unless regulated by Govt policies are bound to tend towards sharing user's data across platforms/orgs/service partners &amp; finally compromising the objective.
"As social media is a virtual manifestation of human communication itself though on a global scale, bullying and outlawing may be magnitudes more distributed."	In a developing country like India what's app and facebook has become a major source of spreading fake news. These fake news has resulted in violence and lynching.
Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .	"Contrary to its name, social media can be insular and fosters indirect vs. direct communication, while also increasing personal data security risks."
"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."	"Social networks are helping fake news to be spread everywhere in seconds, creating a parallell reality sometimes difficult to verify, which may respond to unclear interests"
Social media enables sexual predators to prey on their target individuals especially if limited privacy security is in place.	Advantage is taken by people who would like to influence crowd mentality for malicious motives.
"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."	"Social media creates a false sense of having less fun and fewer friends. Furthermore, Social Media companies were found to be deleting peoples comments, so it's not even the people's words."
The speed and reach of social media brings the risk of uncontrolled propagation of unverified information	The amount of time needed for a person to keep abreast of social media is way too high for the insight gained.
Need to have you alert hat ON for all the fake news that inhabits the space	Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think
"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"	"Social media provides a false of anonymity that causes people to make careless, unfiltered statements they often regret."
"Because we connect to people we like, and by default are likely to share our own views, social media becomes an echo chamber, so we are only ever exposed to our own point of view"	"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."
People are tending to interact more with the people who are far away than with the people around them because of their addiction to the interacting devices which is leading to less interpersonal skills in them	"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."
People rarely post about the negatives in their life. This leads others to believe their friends' life is all roses and gives a false sense of reality - makes people feel their lives are boring.	"When a service is free, the customer is the product, as is in the case of social media. Using data to manipulate societal opinions is unethical and detrimental to long standing structures of governance and empathy."
Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.	Social media polarises the society and favor extremisms and violence.
Increased use of social media has proven to contribute towards an increase in depression and anxiety.	Yes. If there are no filters and controls then it certainly does more harm than good.
"Since one is behind a PC, interaction is distant. People tend to be insincere &amp; exaggerate comments. I have yet to meet a person whom when Face to face, exaggerates on those topics."	"Social Media has become an additional addiction for people of all ages.It increases mental stress which in turn reduces productivity and vice versa.It has lead to an increased rate of identity theft,fraud and bullying."
Social media has given rise to a new age of digital con artists and scams parading as a good cause.	"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."
"Social media is designed to trigger dopamine responses, forming an addiction. This addiction distorts reality and encourages one to seek out feedback that reinforces that addiction."	"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."
"Everything and everyone looks perfect on social media, which is not always true in real life"	Social media makes people sick because they spend too much time indoors when they should be outside.
People use the platform as a portfolio of only the best experiences they encounter and don't share the bad experiences making the 'grass is greener on the other side' depressive mentality more common.	Social media entice people to paint a picture of themselves and their families which is often too good to be true because they want to keep up appearances.
Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.	"Social media provides opportunities for comparison with other people like never before. Comparison with others from psychological perspective can cause anxiety, stress and even depression. ""Comparison is death of joy"""
people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others	"Social media use can cause personality and brain disorders, ADHD and self-centered personalities, particularly in youth."
"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"	Social media promotes isolation and alienation by providing people an easier means to find only those whose opinions they admire or adhere to instead of broadening ones point of view.
"Child suicide rates are increasing at rapid pace, largely influenced by negative effects of social media"	Social media do not allow accountability of who is disseminating fake news
People tend to expect more from social responses than on real life.	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
"Social Media removes independent thinking. Instead, people learn what to think, how to behave, what to believe in, by reading social media posts. Social Media creates an entire culture of ""followers""."	"It brings harm when you think it in long term. In short term, it gives you good feelings such as helpful info or pics you like. However they are nothing to your life after all."
Design of Social Media is to capture the time and brain and keep them involved without letting them away . It could influence the psychology of masses	"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."
Social Media has become a distraction from focused work	Social media use is associated with personality and brain disorders.
Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.	Social media allows for false lives and circumstances to be presented as truth which leads to inaccurate comparisons to ones own life resulting in a negative self perception
Social media makes people sick because they spend too much time indoors when they should be outside.	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."	"Social Media makes people dumber. Real intelligence can only come, by interacting and fully understanding the natural world. When people engage in social media, they are removing themselves from the natural world, becoming dumber and dumber."
"Social media allows individuals to escape their realities by entering into any reality they could desire. This will make people hate their current situation, while supposing that they can leave their existing one. Which isn't true."	News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.
social media without the needed privacy and security in place can be an engine to forge opinions on peoples head	Social media are time consuming. I always realze that I could spend better the time lost for sitting at facebook or compatible.
Social media is pushing people to become anti-social in person	It is addictive and consumes time further filters for information are difficult to set.
Social media is counterproductive against people privacy as it promotes the sharing of information without providing data handling transparency	I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%
Social Media has become a distraction from focused work	facebook is addicted and still people precious time.
"Social media makes every interaction a flat experience, as all styling of content is defined by the platform and each sentence spoken causes a monotonous expression of thoughts."	"Social media requires no fact checking or validation for posting, it is pure opinion. As such, it is subjective and creates a well-spring of noise versus objective insight"
"Social media diminish the value of well-established knowledge, eminence, and experience."	Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!
High risk it lowers self-esteem (this is supported by studies as I undersstand it). It also steal a lot of time that can be used to much better things.	"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."
We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.	"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."
"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""	Communication thru social media will reduce and prevent a person discussing/expressing on a face to face basis. Reason is because they feel trapped in the cocoon of the social media. Cannot have F2F conversation.
"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."	Studies show that 80% of human communication is non-verbal/written. How awful must our communication be if it only happens through Social Media? How disconnected must we be?
Social media are time consuming. I always realze that I could spend better the time lost for sitting at facebook or compatible.	Social media has created a generation that compares themselves to others leading to unhappiness with who you really are
"Social Media doesn't have the same guidelines as journalism has; therefore everybody posts without any background/thinking and leads to things like shitstorms, false statements...."	"The internet is a major source of information for all. However, online information is not validated. False information can be presented as valid and to many people"
"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."	"Social Media has become an additional addiction for people of all ages.It increases mental stress which in turn reduces productivity and vice versa.It has lead to an increased rate of identity theft,fraud and bullying."
Social media can ruin people reputation in a few clicks even if the allegations appear to be fake in the long run.	Use of social media can be very addictive for many and time using it is wasted.
"What people don't say publicly in a crowd, they believe it is easier to say in the safety of four walls through social media. Polarisation is high due to strong partisan opinions and fake news."	"Social media turns life into a popularity contest. For example, a writer with a larger following is more likely to get a book contract than a writer with a smaller following."
Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.	High risk it lowers self-esteem (this is supported by studies as I undersstand it). It also steal a lot of time that can be used to much better things.
Social media exposes personal information to many entities that can and will use it in a harmful way	"The risk of evil uses of public postings far out weigh the potential benefits. Social media postings are forever, which few users consider."
Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.	"Social media allows malign individuals to manipulate the mindset of suggestible readers, and we are all more suggestible than we admit."
For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.	Advantage is taken by people who would like to influence crowd mentality for malicious motives.
"Social media can be used to spread many false rumors and information, which causes an overload of information."	Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen
Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones	It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.
"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"	Communication thru social media will reduce and prevent a person discussing/expressing on a face to face basis. Reason is because they feel trapped in the cocoon of the social media. Cannot have F2F conversation.
Use of Human Psychology and advanced science to captivate humans in to computer systems makes social media a little bit dangerous .	Increased use of social media has proven to contribute towards an increase in depression and anxiety.
"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""	"Leading Social media platforms, as of today; have been identified for unethically selling one's digital footprint to third party organizations; without one's knowledge. This unregulated business model is harmful!"
Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.	Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances
Social media has diluted the thought process of young individuals people perceive and see them selves which is not REAL when a 10 year old kid edit his c and shares then there something WRONG	"Causes weight gain interacting with the screen instead of F2F, like walking to the neighbor, driving to meet someone, or walking up the stairs to someone in the same house or office."
Social media often allows people to inflate their importance to celebrity status without any substance	"Social media, as it's designed today, feeds off of our instincts, not the best versions of ourselves."
"Social Media platform is being wrongly utilized by the political fraternity; to track, trace and manipulate one's viewpoint, without one's knowledge - which is dangerous for the democracy of any country."	"As evidenced in France through the ""Yellow jackets"" movement, social media can easily be abused to spread fake news reaching a broad population. The absence of control over contents or responsibility by users are key factors."
Its dangerous when if becomes and addiction and difficult to quit even if the person wants to	People harm others as they are more anonymous than in real life.
Social Media has become a distraction from focused work	Social Media often seeks validation for actions without context
"higher risk that some of the facts quotations from a particular source in an article are false. newspapers might lose customers if people find out they gave been selling lies, a blog can be easily deleted."	"When the world is perfect and mine is a mess, I get depressed. Or when my day is going well, and I read about war, I get depressed. Social media is not under my control."
"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."	Social media makes people fat and lazy. They sit all day when they should be going out and actually interacting with people.
"If you can control what people type and say, you can control what they think. If you can control what people think, you have created a class of mental slaves."	"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."
Social media has created a new form of engagement for child predators.	Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!
Social Media makes people fat and they take up too much space on the earth.	"Social media diminish the value of well-established knowledge, eminence, and experience."
The major harm with social media is that sometimes people use it for their own benefit by spreading fake news and misguiding others.	The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.
Social media do not allow accountability of who is disseminating fake news	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
"The exposure in social networks create sometime bad behaviors and leave people being not the same on real life as on social life, afraid of what will happen with their exposure."	"Social media platforms tend to make people feel inferior and inadequate. For instance, if you see that all your friends are posting pics of international vacations, but you cannot afford those. you would become depressed"
Social media is bad. We don't like it.	Fake news are easily spread resulting in wrongly informed citizens
"Social media brings more harm than good because it limits one's exposure to posts which support one's viewpoint, rather than expose one to differing viewpoints."	"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."
Social media becomes an echo chamber; new information I see repeats information I have and does not expand my horizons	Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.
People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.	Social media drives a negative view of the world by driving disagreement.
Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones	facebook is addicted and still people precious time.
Social media makes people feel bad about themselves because they see all of the great things that other people are doing and fail to realize that is only because that's what people post.	"The average user assumes only innocent use of the submissions. Over time, authoritarian regimes might leverage it for very bad reasons. Submissions are forever, and submitters are perpetually exposed. Think Stalin/Hitler"
"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."	"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"
"Social Media is one of the root causes for why our young people today are so stressed, overwhelmed and anxious."	Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.
social engineeered and most of the social media accounts are fake and create ripples accross the familes and society to coverup the the hidden and personal agenda of some groups and parties	"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."
"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."	People are using social media for their benefit irrespective of it is right or wrong. political parties try to play with emotion of people to its benefit. It is good distracter for students.
"Life on social Media is extremely carefully curated, more often than not, boosted by marketing and PR agencies. There is not much realism left and the social connection is often connecting to brand and despair"	Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users
"Social media intrudes on personal interactions with family and friends. Instead of enjoying the moment and being fully engaged, people feel a compelling need to see the latest trivial post, missing what is truly important."	It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.
The downside of social media is that it is used for propaganda purposes by political groups in the name of free speech	Everyones privacy is greatly harmed by the access the internet provides and lack of responsibility and privacy standards and guidelines we hold businesses accountable for.
"In social media it's really easy to disappear behind a fake profile, and this is showing to the world the abundance of people that is only waiting for a possibility to do bad things"	"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."
Social media enables sexual predators to prey on their target individuals especially if limited privacy security is in place.	"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."
Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a phenomenon that was born at the sametime as Facebook and its one of the most common negative effects of social media.Fear is constantly fueled by your social media engagement	Social media can harm as no filter nor right to really eliminate the publication is posibble. Always connected and Omnipresent produce a high speed propagation of (mis)infomation that can destroy somenone
The way social media is used is corrosive. Used as a sales platform to attract friends by posting a dishonest overwhelmingly positive view of their life. This makes their friends strive to exceed reducing self worth	Social media has diluted the thought process of young individuals people perceive and see them selves which is not REAL when a 10 year old kid edit his c and shares then there something WRONG
Social media spreads news that is not real - this provides people incorrect information and leads to decisions being made on bad data.	"Social media gives users the sense of being anonymous or, at the very least, reduces social inhibitions, leading to bullying, trolling and the like."
Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.	Social media has given rise to a new age of digital con artists and scams parading as a good cause.
social media without the needed privacy and security in place can be an engine to forge opinions on peoples head	Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts
"Social media allows malign individuals to manipulate the mindset of suggestible readers, and we are all more suggestible than we admit."	"Echo chambers are a serious issue these days, resulting in people who are unaware of what happens in the real world around them"
"Social media has wreaked many people's life, specially youths and has become their living source. Social media has killed many youths and teens our age. It has made some people live a wrong and reckless life."	Often Social media keeps on giving content of the nature we have seen or sharing. slowly it makes people knowledge and thought process unidimensional . People don't get to analyze both side of a story.
"While we are social creatures, social media distorts reality, creates unfair expectations, and is the way to rule by bullying."	"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."
"I mean its fine to have lots of opportunity in life ,but if we depend our life on social media , I am afraid one day we are going to lose our loved ones mentally."	"Given that social media allows for the conveyance of meaning between humans without the necessary support of body language, tone, facial expression, demeanor, etc, often it conveys meaning that was not intended by the communicator."
"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
Social media causes less face to face interaction	Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.
"Social media are a dangerous tool for politicians, liars, cheaters and trolls."	"Social media is like today's Sirens, beckoning us to smash ourselves against the rocks."
Social media is a place where you can influence people by giving false statistics and no one would verify that	Social media notifications can be a constant distraction from work or focused tasks
"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."	Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.
Social media affects the psychology of every person. Human started to reacted to imaginable things. They forgot to be natural. Security is not there if you access the social media. Privacy is lost.	Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .
"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."	"Any content that is not edited or peer-reviewed can appear superficially as if it has narrative significance, but this includes much illogical, even fabricated, highly inaccurate content"
"The risk of evil uses of public postings far out weigh the potential benefits. Social media postings are forever, which few users consider."	Social media creates a virtual ecosystem which fools the human mind of social interactions via social platforms. which its actually not - nowhere near.
"Greedy irresponsible companies intentionally engineer apps to employ psychological techniques that manipulate end user behavior for the sole benefit of the companies , completely disregarding end user well-being ."	Social Media has allow opinion to be viewed as fact. Making a statement without the facts backing up the statement is harmful. Let's turn off Social Media and get back to facts based commentary.
I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%	"People now cross streets, run into people because they are just too focussed on the social media."
"Hate posts, inappropriate content, over indulgence to likes, etc. affects health and well being."	Social media makes people less social as they lose their face to face communications skills
"Social media is a tool and as such is never free. Those mastering the tool best, manipulating the language most and hammering messages excessively silence others. The majority is being left high and dry."	"Social Media usage is bringing more harm than good, people are getting addicted to the likes and dislikes which in-turn is affecting the behavior pattern and leading depression and anxiety"
"Humans are inherently tribal and social media increases that tendency - while opening us to others, the echo chamber reinforces our tribal bias, and and bots and algorithms in the platforms further distort those biases"	"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"
"Social media is abused by anyone and everyone who has something to sell, adds to the desire for instant gratification, and feeds online addiction."	Social media has created an unnecessary itch that needs to be scratched every few seconds. Why scratch when we can avoid it altogether.
"Politically charged discussions are often hotly contested on social media, where trolls often also stoke further division and active listening and discussion turn into online shouting matches."	"most of social media inputs are small statements like ""punchlines"", which are absolutely inaccurate to discuss complex problems or solutions."
Social media makes people feel bad about themselves because they see all of the great things that other people are doing and fail to realize that is only because that's what people post.	The way social media is used is corrosive. Used as a sales platform to attract friends by posting a dishonest overwhelmingly positive view of their life. This makes their friends strive to exceed reducing self worth
Need to have you alert hat ON for all the fake news that inhabits the space	Social media makes people sick because they spend too much time indoors when they should be outside.
The major harm with social media is that sometimes people use it for their own benefit by spreading fake news and misguiding others.	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."	"Social media requires no fact checking or validation for posting, it is pure opinion. As such, it is subjective and creates a well-spring of noise versus objective insight"
"Hate posts, inappropriate content, over indulgence to likes, etc. affects health and well being."	Social media is extremely addictive and has taken the place of face-to-face interaction that kids used to grow up with.
It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.	Social media give a platform of expression for racists and antisemites to spread their ideas in the general public
"Social media gives us an illusion of accessing diverse information sources, but at the end we only see the ideas and opinions we like"	Social media is a type of artificial life that leads people to mistake it for real life.
Social media has diluted the thought process of young individuals people perceive and see them selves which is not REAL when a 10 year old kid edit his c and shares then there something WRONG	"Social media mostly taking away the creativity of the society. Yes, of course it has opened more collaboration and hence killing the individual creativity. People are becoming too lazy to live on the borrowed ideas."
"Social media is a very effective vector for the spread of false information, deceptive practices, and lies."	Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.
It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.	Social media leads to fear of missing out by which we feel that everyone is doing something awesome with their lives and we are here doing nothing but scrolling through our feeds looking at their lives
Social media is creating a negative sociological impact since most of the commonly watched material is pushed no one validates the sanctity of the information and envisaging the impact it would create on someones mind	Social networks are physically addictive as well as psychologically addictive. A study from Harvard University showed that self-disclosure online fires up a part of the brain that also lights up when engaging in pleasurable activities.
"Social Media removes independent thinking. Instead, people learn what to think, how to behave, what to believe in, by reading social media posts. Social Media creates an entire culture of ""followers""."	"People often interact with social media instead of being actually social, an important aspect of mental health. People should police themselves to use social media only when other social outlets are absent."
social media just generate instantaneous reaction and don't provide time for deep debate argumented and counterargumented and deep thinking	People have started spending more than required time on the social media which is impacting their health both physical and mental
Social Media can cause more harm if its not used the right way. There could be vested interests using social media for their use thru manipulation or changing public opinion by using misinformation	"The unsupported hyperbole ridden statements which exists on social media can create unwarranted and in many cases harmful and unnecessary outcry. This can cost jobs, and livelihoods."
"Politically charged discussions are often hotly contested on social media, where trolls often also stoke further division and active listening and discussion turn into online shouting matches."	"Social Media enhances the following vices in Human Beings and hence cannot be considered good. Kama - Lust,Krodha - Anger,Lobha - Greed,Moha - Delusory attachment, Ahankar - False Ego or Arrogance, Irshya - Envy"
"Social media creates distractions from real-world relationships. Online interactions and friendships can be valuable, but people should have in-person conversations and local friends, too."	"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"
"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."	"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."
"Social media are being abuse by people as propaganda , which disturb the society harmony"	Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways
"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."	"Social media brings more controversies. It makes our youngsters involve themselves more in internet than their usual routine.Social media increases the level of anxiety like what others do, post and how people react to their post."
Social media is a type of artificial life that leads people to mistake it for real life.	"In the social media, people tend to write something which they would never mentioned in person, occasionally resulting in the lack of sensitiveness."
"Echo chambers are a serious issue these days, resulting in people who are unaware of what happens in the real world around them"	Social media spreads news that is not real - this provides people incorrect information and leads to decisions being made on bad data.
Social media promotes isolation and alienation by providing people an easier means to find only those whose opinions they admire or adhere to instead of broadening ones point of view.	"Given that social media allows for the conveyance of meaning between humans without the necessary support of body language, tone, facial expression, demeanor, etc, often it conveys meaning that was not intended by the communicator."
Productivity at work is impacted negatively when employees are allowed to use social media in most instances	Students who are heavy social media users tend to have lower grades.
We have become so dependent on social media we no longer realize the dangers involved in sharing our information. Allowing these companies to access so much of our information poses a great risk to our privacy.	"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."
Social media are allowing access to personal information that if not treated as confidential can be used to manipulate people	Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.	"Social media, as it's designed today, feeds off of our instincts, not the best versions of ourselves."
"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."	Social media can rapidly spread disinformation and misinformation irregardless of the truth.
Social media has helped make people more vain by giving more exposure to their lives and by it's algorithms being used to reinforce their own preference to information supporting their points-of-view	Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.
The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.	Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.
Social media affects the psychology of every person. Human started to reacted to imaginable things. They forgot to be natural. Security is not there if you access the social media. Privacy is lost.	"Social media merely acted like a catalyst to false news, rumors and influenced political and financial gains for few. It has driven people to an unrealistic fantasy to make believe and propel against by trolls."
Real life is much better than the fake life in Facebook.	"It is just another opportunity to waste our time , and is intrusive upon our thoughts"
"Social media interactions allow for shallow human relationships, based on one's projected image rather than actual character."	"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."
Social media like FB is a virtual zoo. We feel awesome writing a post and doing nothing. All perfect hubby/Wifey/son/daughters can be found here. We lose our purpose and drive show-off in social media.	"People have turned to social media for their news, which had seen their news feeds respond with very similar points of view. It has skewed public discourse into group thinking. People don't question, the news story."
"Social media creates a false sense of having less fun and fewer friends. Furthermore, Social Media companies were found to be deleting peoples comments, so it's not even the people's words."	Focus is easily lost because of chaos and anyone with or without knowledge can opine in support or against a topic. So many a times it becomes mud slinging rather than constructive debates.
"Social media is a tool and as such is never free. Those mastering the tool best, manipulating the language most and hammering messages excessively silence others. The majority is being left high and dry."	"Social media has wreaked many people's life, specially youths and has become their living source. Social media has killed many youths and teens our age. It has made some people live a wrong and reckless life."
People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.	Social media were designed to help people to stay connected. Their abuse ultimately drives people away.
"Social media can exacerbate feelings of disconnect and put children at higher risk for anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, eating disorders and even suicide."	"Social media promotes one-way conversation where a person is shielded from social cues and pushes out diatribes that are immune from pushback, feedback, or social discomfort."
Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy	"Social media turns life into a popularity contest. For example, a writer with a larger following is more likely to get a book contract than a writer with a smaller following."
Social media is an open forum for anonymous and abusive bullying.	Social media is a means to disseminate false or incomplete information with no checks and balances.
Social media is a source of fake news from professional trolls.	Social Media makes people fat and they take up too much space on the earth.
Social media distracts and distorts reality making some feel like failures when they are not	Social media provides another avenue to bullying for kids
Social media created a platform to connect virtually but people losing human side of life.	Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.
"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."	"Social Media removes independent thinking. Instead, people learn what to think, how to behave, what to believe in, by reading social media posts. Social Media creates an entire culture of ""followers""."
"Social media can exacerbate feelings of disconnect and put children at higher risk for anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, eating disorders and even suicide."	Organizations can manipulate and spread messages to influence people in a way other media could not match.
Social media accounts are not authenticated and anyone's identity can be faked and used to cause harm to a person's reputation	Shit storms can create hostility even if there is nothing to it. Facts are not checked
Social media can be a drain on time and use up hours that you cannot get back.	Yes. If there are no filters and controls then it certainly does more harm than good.
"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"	It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.
Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.	It's hard to recognize if a post is real or fake-news
"Social media assumes every opinion has value. I would assert that some opinions should carry more value or no value depending on the source. Unfortunately, many social users are not able to accurately assess these values."	Social media promotes isolation and alienation by providing people an easier means to find only those whose opinions they admire or adhere to instead of broadening ones point of view.
Social media can easily be used to mislead people	It supports a hive mentality. Allowing people to reinforce possibly false beliefs.
Your image can be used for criminal activity if proper care is not taken while sharing your pictures online.	Yes. If there are no filters and controls then it certainly does more harm than good.
Social media takes precious time from people's lives. Time could be better spent focused on children and family vs reading social media.	Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.
"Social media is spreading fake news at an incredible pace, manipulation has never been so intense."	people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others
"Social media creates manipulation channel due to location spoofing, impersonation, lack of dynamics in identification of source not to mention paid channels to distort reality, thousands of payed trolls. Without a better control results are catastrophic"	"Social Media keeps people from actually living their lives by interacting with nature, and interacting with environment, and interacting with people. Instead, social media creates a society of voyeurs, watching other people's lives."
Over use of social media leads to people becoming introverted and unable to converse in real life	Social media privacy policies are not transparent and latest breach of customer data is one such example
"People mostly post their personal good times. Frequent users view others having fun and being social and happy all of the time. By comparison, they perceive their own lives to be less joyful and social."	"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."
Social media can cause false news to be spread widely and very quickly possibly causing panic	Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.
Its dangerous when if becomes and addiction and difficult to quit even if the person wants to	It supports a hive mentality. Allowing people to reinforce possibly false beliefs.
"people are always ""connected"" which really disconnect people from real world and real human interaction"	"Social media allows malign individuals to manipulate the mindset of suggestible readers, and we are all more suggestible than we admit."
"Social media platforms tend to make people feel inferior and inadequate. For instance, if you see that all your friends are posting pics of international vacations, but you cannot afford those. you would become depressed"	"Causes weight gain interacting with the screen instead of F2F, like walking to the neighbor, driving to meet someone, or walking up the stairs to someone in the same house or office."
People use the platform as a portfolio of only the best experiences they encounter and don't share the bad experiences making the 'grass is greener on the other side' depressive mentality more common.	"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."
"Life on social Media is extremely carefully curated, more often than not, boosted by marketing and PR agencies. There is not much realism left and the social connection is often connecting to brand and despair"	Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.
"Social media is spreading fake news at an incredible pace, manipulation has never been so intense."	Social media becomes an echo chamber; new information I see repeats information I have and does not expand my horizons
"Given that social media allows for the conveyance of meaning between humans without the necessary support of body language, tone, facial expression, demeanor, etc, often it conveys meaning that was not intended by the communicator."	"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."
Children and young adults are struggling in school because of the overuse of social media on smartphones which is taking away from their focus in the classroom	social media without the needed privacy and security in place can be an engine to forge opinions on peoples head
Social media's business model establishes the user and his/her data as the product which provides opportunity for malicious use of private information.	"As social media is a virtual manifestation of human communication itself though on a global scale, bullying and outlawing may be magnitudes more distributed."
People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.	"Social media gives us an illusion of accessing diverse information sources, but at the end we only see the ideas and opinions we like"
"Social media facilitates sexting, which can lead to revenge porn, criminal charges and a proliferation of personal images."	Social media is a means to disseminate false or incomplete information with no checks and balances.
The way social media is used is corrosive. Used as a sales platform to attract friends by posting a dishonest overwhelmingly positive view of their life. This makes their friends strive to exceed reducing self worth	Human nature is to want to experience what our peers or heroes have and do. Human nature is also to only project the best presentation of ourselves. Social media is a megaphone. Unhappiness ensues.
I witnessed Social media being use to undermine democracy and free speech to the US when it was about to elect an utterly incompetent and morally despicable president. Social media can bring more harm than good.	"Humans are inherently tribal and social media increases that tendency - while opening us to others, the echo chamber reinforces our tribal bias, and and bots and algorithms in the platforms further distort those biases"
"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."	Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .
Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.	Social media has a tendency in this mobile world to create distracted drivers.
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	"Social media normalises undesirable behaviour. It easier for terrorists, pedophiles, traffickers to organise and also says ""what you are doing is ok."" This does long term harm to society and outweighs the good."
Social media can easily be used to mislead people	Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think
Social media privacy policies are not transparent and latest breach of customer data is one such example	some people are posting non-senses which is a waste of our time to even scan through
"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."	"Social does not bring the full reality of lives...only an imbalanced view. You see the family happily gathered around a Xmas tree, not the 2 hour screaming, and yelling argument that preceded it."
Social media makes people dumb. They lose contact with the real world.	Many people are addicted to the internet and the snippets of information it provides. It is dumbing us down.
"In the social media, people tend to write something which they would never mentioned in person, occasionally resulting in the lack of sensitiveness."	Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message
Social media is a type of artificial life that leads people to mistake it for real life.	Students who are heavy social media users tend to have lower grades.
We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.	Social media has made it easier for groups such as governments to plant their ideas and watch them grow. It creates a culture of non-thinking robots.
Social media distracts and distorts reality making some feel like failures when they are not	Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways
"Social media in its current and most prolific forms rewards users' negative traits, like attention seeking, and reduces their real-life interactions with other human beings."	Social media does more harm than good because it creates a sense of anonymity among users and because the platforms are politicized for personal agendas
Dependence on social media can lead to self-confidence issues and anxieties	Social media makes people dumb. They lose contact with the real world.
"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"	Failure to properly regulated or self-protect the use and/or sale of personal information has put the long term viability of social media in jeopardy.
Social media has created a generation that compares themselves to others leading to unhappiness with who you really are	"Social media is a very effective vector for the spread of false information, deceptive practices, and lies."
People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.	Most of the population update their day to day activities. Social media encourages to share as much data possible which can be used against you
Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information	Social media do not allow accountability of who is disseminating fake news
Social Media often seeks validation for actions without context	Social Media can be a time-waster and distract us from other things that need our attention.
Failure to properly regulated or self-protect the use and/or sale of personal information has put the long term viability of social media in jeopardy.	Social Media opens the door to more recurrent online bullying because of an extra 24/7 constant social interaction with people whether one chooses or not
"Social media provides opportunities for comparison with other people like never before. Comparison with others from psychological perspective can cause anxiety, stress and even depression. ""Comparison is death of joy"""	Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.
"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."	social engineeered and most of the social media accounts are fake and create ripples accross the familes and society to coverup the the hidden and personal agenda of some groups and parties
"The pace imposed by social media, in terms of intervals between content submission may be detremental to quality, and lead to more shallow content"	"Social Media doesn't have the same guidelines as journalism has; therefore everybody posts without any background/thinking and leads to things like shitstorms, false statements...."
"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"	Social media is everywhere and it worst hit in dealing the relations as privacy of the family relations and memebers are easily targerted and taggged .
"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"	Social media gives extremists a place where they can express their hateful ideas without being contested. that's because of the artificial bubble social media creates in which people see only what they want to see
"Talking about the negative aspects of these social media is like: Loss of communication ,friendly outings . There was a era where people used to go out for outings,prepare food organize gatherings , share there thoughts"	"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."
Social media is harm because many people use social media with no rights level of digital ethics. The same analogy could be said if people use knife with no ethics.	Social media has now become a very potent tool in the hands of rogue people and governments. Citizens in particular are being manipulated into believing fake news causing polarization in society and weakening democratic institutions.
People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.	Social media is a means to disseminate false or incomplete information with no checks and balances.
more unuseful social media more waste time for us.	it's easy to create false social media accounts and skew polls or public perception
Social Media often seeks validation for actions without context	The speed and reach of social media brings the risk of uncontrolled propagation of unverified information
"People mostly tend to depict the best of their lives on social media. The result is people seeing an idealized picture of everyone else's life and feeling theirs are inadequate, which causes psychological harms."	"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."
We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
"It gives ~advantageous / level-playing field to bad-actors (criminals, propaganda, non-constructive / abusive intents)"	"Social media, as it is practiced today, is anonymous and crimes can be committed and untraceable."
People tends to see only what reinforce their beliefs and thoughts and don't take in consideration alternative and opposite point of views.	"Youth use social media as a weapon, to berade their peers, causing huge distress and even suicide, in extreme cases"
"Almost all students in the digital age recognize that their device steals hours of sleep and study. Studies shown that these technologies are addictive and whose abuse them experience problems of concentration, behavior and school failure."	Social media can harm as no filter nor right to really eliminate the publication is posibble. Always connected and Omnipresent produce a high speed propagation of (mis)infomation that can destroy somenone
Social media takes precious time from people's lives. Time could be better spent focused on children and family vs reading social media.	Social Media is becoming more addictive among young generations. People waste time posting unwanted &amp; unnecessary personal status updates in public.
"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."	"In social media it's really easy to disappear behind a fake profile, and this is showing to the world the abundance of people that is only waiting for a possibility to do bad things"
Social Media has the same effect as a 24 hour news cycle. It's an overkill of information that effects people's mindsets on various views.	Social media can ruin people reputation in a few clicks even if the allegations appear to be fake in the long run.
Social media changes the way people think by subconsciously controlling their thinking process.	"Child suicide rates are increasing at rapid pace, largely influenced by negative effects of social media"
Social media is easy to manipulate: irresponsible or malevolent inputs may ruin personal life of the target individual or spread fake information that can induce fatal actions by ignorant people.	"Talking about the negative aspects of these social media is like: Loss of communication ,friendly outings . There was a era where people used to go out for outings,prepare food organize gatherings , share there thoughts"
Social media spreads unverified information as if it were fact causing disruption in fact based information	anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.
Social media provides a platform for bullying which can be more pernicious than traditional bullying because of the scope of visibility and participation.	"Some of the harms which Social media is bringing are lack of patience in day to day life, which has started impacting people life. More and more comparison culture."
Social media is very open to biased manipulation of controversial subjects	Social media can easily be used to mislead people
Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access	"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."
Social media is definitely more harmful than good. There is no authenticity about the information which is provided on social media due to which lot of people make misuse of it.	People rarely post about the negatives in their life. This leads others to believe their friends' life is all roses and gives a false sense of reality - makes people feel their lives are boring.
Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.	Social media is very open to biased manipulation of controversial subjects
Fake news keep misinforming people changing their mind in wrong ways	"The view of the world, as portrayed on social media, is far away from reality."
"Because social media participants are not authenticated, the technology has been and will continue to be undermined by those with malicious intent. We need KYC laws."	"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."
Social media polarises the society and favor extremisms and violence.	Increased use of social media has proven to contribute towards an increase in depression and anxiety.
Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.	Social Media content control is mostly poor and sometimes deviates from reality and has superficial data contents based on opinions rather than facts
It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.	Many people are addicted to the internet and the snippets of information it provides. It is dumbing us down.
"In the social media, people tend to write something which they would never mentioned in person, occasionally resulting in the lack of sensitiveness."	Social media is often misused as a channel to spread rumors and falsehoods and such news can spread in an uncontrolled manner
Businesses are negatively impacted due to social media	Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children
Social media use is associated with personality and brain disorders.	Social Media can be a time-waster and distract us from other things that need our attention.
"It is stressful, reduces productivity creativity adding to it costs money and it going to start costing much more as sites find new ways to monetize. This is not real"	"Social media presents as being unbiased in perspectives presented, but can instead favor one side of an issue over another or even block valid perspectives entirely, leading to a skewed view of public opinion."
Social media is an open forum for anonymous and abusive bullying.	facebook is addicted and still people precious time.
Shit storms can create hostility even if there is nothing to it. Facts are not checked	Social media enables sexual predators to prey on their target individuals especially if limited privacy security is in place.
"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."	"Considering on being anonymous on the social media, through fake profiles, people feel empowered to bully and do harm things to others. This can be dangerous for young teens and children"
"Social media brings more controversies. It makes our youngsters involve themselves more in internet than their usual routine.Social media increases the level of anxiety like what others do, post and how people react to their post."	"Even if connection and news are available on social media, there are so many fake news spread on this and it creates conflicts in society, and this all is based on fake details."
"Given the trend of censorship currently being put in place over all social medias, by all governments including democracies, yes it will bring more harm than good when this censorship becomes a full reality. Big Brother."	We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.
"Social networks are helping fake news to be spread everywhere in seconds, creating a parallell reality sometimes difficult to verify, which may respond to unclear interests"	"Greedy irresponsible companies intentionally engineer apps to employ psychological techniques that manipulate end user behavior for the sole benefit of the companies , completely disregarding end user well-being ."
Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	social media without the needed privacy and security in place can be an engine to forge opinions on peoples head
"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."	Social media is definitely more harmful than good. There is no authenticity about the information which is provided on social media due to which lot of people make misuse of it.
The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.	"It is a theft of time, which would damage our personal and professional life."
Social Media is becoming more addictive among young generations. People waste time posting unwanted &amp; unnecessary personal status updates in public.	Social Media makes people fat and they take up too much space on the earth.
"Social media is information power which can be abused if not used with judgement, and Cognitive capabilities can help qualify author, relevance to personal content to help build careers, communities and innovation."	"Social media promotes one-way conversation where a person is shielded from social cues and pushes out diatribes that are immune from pushback, feedback, or social discomfort."
People spend much more time on the internet than in real life.	"Social media provides a false of anonymity that causes people to make careless, unfiltered statements they often regret."
Social media has made it easier for groups such as governments to plant their ideas and watch them grow. It creates a culture of non-thinking robots.	"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."
"Social media in its current and most prolific forms rewards users' negative traits, like attention seeking, and reduces their real-life interactions with other human beings."	Social media is counterproductive against people privacy as it promotes the sharing of information without providing data handling transparency
People rarely post about the negatives in their life. This leads others to believe their friends' life is all roses and gives a false sense of reality - makes people feel their lives are boring.	"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."
Children and young adults are struggling in school because of the overuse of social media on smartphones which is taking away from their focus in the classroom	"The exposure in social networks create sometime bad behaviors and leave people being not the same on real life as on social life, afraid of what will happen with their exposure."
"Social media is often used for activities such as stalking, harassing others, and connecting social predators with their victims."	Increased use of social media has proven to contribute towards an increase in depression and anxiety.
"Social Media keeps people from actually living their lives by interacting with nature, and interacting with environment, and interacting with people. Instead, social media creates a society of voyeurs, watching other people's lives."	Human race is not ready for an invisible Social Media. Many people hide behind the faceless social platforms. Face to face communication relies on live interactions between people.
Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.	Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.
Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.	"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."
"It is too easy for people to congregate with other like-minded individuals and reinforce their viewpoints, without the benefit of contrasting/competing views."	"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."
Tool to make promise and belief and masses fall prey to it . For a commoner it serves as a bane.	Social media is currently designed to be addictive in order to attract attention to advertisers.
Unrestricted usage of social media causes loss of productivity and effective time of employees.	Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them
"Almost all students in the digital age recognize that their device steals hours of sleep and study. Studies shown that these technologies are addictive and whose abuse them experience problems of concentration, behavior and school failure."	Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.
Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.	"Due to the anonymity of the users, a lot of content in social media is highly biased and full of racism, misogyny and homophobia."
"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."	Missing trusted source for content validation. Any info in social media looking professional will be trusted and shared further. The more will share it the more the content is assumed to be true. Fake news.
Social media like FB is a virtual zoo. We feel awesome writing a post and doing nothing. All perfect hubby/Wifey/son/daughters can be found here. We lose our purpose and drive show-off in social media.	We have become so dependent on social media we no longer realize the dangers involved in sharing our information. Allowing these companies to access so much of our information poses a great risk to our privacy.
"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."	Ive seen from rise of Social Media people are inclined be unhappy when others are perceived awesome time and not make that good time for themselves. We talk to each other less and less.
"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"	People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.
"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""	Social media allows for false lives and circumstances to be presented as truth which leads to inaccurate comparisons to ones own life resulting in a negative self perception
Social media is a place where you can influence people by giving false statistics and no one would verify that	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
"Because we connect to people we like, and by default are likely to share our own views, social media becomes an echo chamber, so we are only ever exposed to our own point of view"	"People often interact with social media instead of being actually social, an important aspect of mental health. People should police themselves to use social media only when other social outlets are absent."
"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."	Unrestricted usage of social media causes loss of productivity and effective time of employees.
I witnessed Social media being use to undermine democracy and free speech to the US when it was about to elect an utterly incompetent and morally despicable president. Social media can bring more harm than good.	"Social Media enhances the following vices in Human Beings and hence cannot be considered good. Kama - Lust,Krodha - Anger,Lobha - Greed,Moha - Delusory attachment, Ahankar - False Ego or Arrogance, Irshya - Envy"
"Social media is like today's Sirens, beckoning us to smash ourselves against the rocks."	Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information
"By confining conversation to the screen, social media is taking away a fundamental part of the personal communication process and this is beginning to weigh heavily on society as a whole."	It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.
Social media is an ad-based platform for the unchecked spread of disinformation that undermines democracy and magnifies bullying and other forms of harassment and intimidation.	"Folks are pushed to get a ""like"" on the various posts on social media and this governs all actions in their life, losing touch with reality often."
Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.	Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access
Focus is easily lost because of chaos and anyone with or without knowledge can opine in support or against a topic. So many a times it becomes mud slinging rather than constructive debates.	None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.
"Social media allows others to bully without conscience, which is too high a price to pay for simply keeping in touch"	Many people are addicted to the internet and the snippets of information it provides. It is dumbing us down.
Social media are time consuming. I always realze that I could spend better the time lost for sitting at facebook or compatible.	"Everything and everyone looks perfect on social media, which is not always true in real life"
"The unsupported hyperbole ridden statements which exists on social media can create unwarranted and in many cases harmful and unnecessary outcry. This can cost jobs, and livelihoods."	Social media is extremely addictive and has taken the place of face-to-face interaction that kids used to grow up with.
"Social media, as it is practiced today, is anonymous and crimes can be committed and untraceable."	Amount of time people spend in face to face conversations is reduced.
"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."	"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."
Technology obfuscates the signals humans have evolved to show in interacting resulting in a lack of sensitivity in how we interact through social media	Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen
"Social media is a platform which can spread rumors , fake news like a wildfire which can lead to communal riots; also can defame a person and destroy lives within an hour."	Focus is easily lost because of chaos and anyone with or without knowledge can opine in support or against a topic. So many a times it becomes mud slinging rather than constructive debates.
High risk it lowers self-esteem (this is supported by studies as I undersstand it). It also steal a lot of time that can be used to much better things.	Social media creates unrealistic world as users highlight better aspects of their life. Users avoid meeting inperson thus becoming introverted &amp; loosing human touch. Users don't filter their words as they hide their identity behind screen
Real life is much better than the fake life in Facebook.	Fake news are easily spread resulting in wrongly informed citizens
"Its a saying, little knowledge is more dangerous. People use Social Media with very little awareness about the impact it could have. The information shared could have worse impact than we thought."	"Social media became a platform where a mistake of a person, no matter how petty it is, can be seen by anyone connected to the internet and can result to the individual being cyber bullied."
People are distracted by constant inflow of information	"Social media are a dangerous tool for politicians, liars, cheaters and trolls."
"Social Media enhances the following vices in Human Beings and hence cannot be considered good. Kama - Lust,Krodha - Anger,Lobha - Greed,Moha - Delusory attachment, Ahankar - False Ego or Arrogance, Irshya - Envy"	"Social media encourages others to be less engaged with the experiences at present because they are caught up with what their caption will say or getting the perfect picture to impress ""friends"""
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."
it is easy to put false information and people around will believe that information is true	People tend to expect more from social responses than on real life.
Social Media often seeks validation for actions without context	Use of social media can be very addictive for many and time using it is wasted.
Social media can be a drain on time and use up hours that you cannot get back.	Use of Human Psychology and advanced science to captivate humans in to computer systems makes social media a little bit dangerous .
Social media drives a negative view of the world by driving disagreement.	Social media is an open forum for anonymous and abusive bullying.
"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."	Social media are allowing access to personal information that if not treated as confidential can be used to manipulate people
Social media does more harm than good because it creates a sense of anonymity among users and because the platforms are politicized for personal agendas	"Any content that is not edited or peer-reviewed can appear superficially as if it has narrative significance, but this includes much illogical, even fabricated, highly inaccurate content"
"Social Media makes people dumber. Real intelligence can only come, by interacting and fully understanding the natural world. When people engage in social media, they are removing themselves from the natural world, becoming dumber and dumber."	"Social media intrudes on personal interactions with family and friends. Instead of enjoying the moment and being fully engaged, people feel a compelling need to see the latest trivial post, missing what is truly important."
Social media is becoming addictive and in many cases indeed brings more harm than good. It is important to educate people on use of social media and the issues that could cause in society.	"The average user assumes only innocent use of the submissions. Over time, authoritarian regimes might leverage it for very bad reasons. Submissions are forever, and submitters are perpetually exposed. Think Stalin/Hitler"
Social media makes people feel bad about themselves because they see all of the great things that other people are doing and fail to realize that is only because that's what people post.	"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"
"Social media steal our attention and consumes our time with bite-size information that seems to be inoffensive, but turns out to be overwhelming."	Social media allows for false lives and circumstances to be presented as truth which leads to inaccurate comparisons to ones own life resulting in a negative self perception
People often post misleading information or pictures to push their agenda.	facebook is addicted and still people precious time.
Social media changes the way people think by subconsciously controlling their thinking process.	"Social Media is an artificial connection between people as information is ""pushed out"" without any filtering."
Social media makes it too easy for people to 'speak' before they think	"Everything and everyone looks perfect on social media, which is not always true in real life"
It supports a hive mentality. Allowing people to reinforce possibly false beliefs.	For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.
"Now,Social Media is a way to breach individual personal information and alarm for Country safety or it could be advertising intelligence &amp; habits patterns. The breach goes beyond fingerprints and face recognition even. People must aware"	"People have turned to social media for their news, which had seen their news feeds respond with very similar points of view. It has skewed public discourse into group thinking. People don't question, the news story."
"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"	Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.
Social media makes people think their life is inferior because everyone lies on social media.	Social media reduces the willingness to communicate face to face
"higher risk that some of the facts quotations from a particular source in an article are false. newspapers might lose customers if people find out they gave been selling lies, a blog can be easily deleted."	"Social media platforms tend to make people feel inferior and inadequate. For instance, if you see that all your friends are posting pics of international vacations, but you cannot afford those. you would become depressed"
Social media enables sexual predators to prey on their target individuals especially if limited privacy security is in place.	"Because social media participants are not authenticated, the technology has been and will continue to be undermined by those with malicious intent. We need KYC laws."
"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."	"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."
it's easy to create false social media accounts and skew polls or public perception	Social media facilitates cyber bullying and identity theft.
"People use social media to hide behind, so they can say things they would never say out loud to someone's face. So they are able to be inconsiderate, ugly, hateful, and not censored by others."	"Social media creates a false sense of having less fun and fewer friends. Furthermore, Social Media companies were found to be deleting peoples comments, so it's not even the people's words."
"Social media creates manipulation channel due to location spoofing, impersonation, lack of dynamics in identification of source not to mention paid channels to distort reality, thousands of payed trolls. Without a better control results are catastrophic"	"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."
Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.	"Social media has all the addictive qualities of a drug. While there are benefits, the dangers of being sucked into an online universe leaves us at risk of real life isolation and a couch potato life."
"Child suicide rates are increasing at rapid pace, largely influenced by negative effects of social media"	People tend to expect more from social responses than on real life.
"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."	"Information overload from social media causes loss of focus, creates biases and takes away a lot of time from important and necessary things (parenting, reading books, studying, sports...)"
"Social media can be considered one catalyst to our current culture of incivility, reactiveness and outrage."	Social media can rapidly spread disinformation and misinformation irregardless of the truth.
Social media creates bubbles of information and people believe that they represent the reality of the society.	It supports a hive mentality. Allowing people to reinforce possibly false beliefs.
"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."	it is easy to put false information and people around will believe that information is true
"Social media enable people with dagerous views and powers to group and plan potentially violent and hateful actions, thus endangering us all."	"Social media has created the radical, divisive, and uncompromising political climate that we see today."
"Social media has normalised the expression of extreme views and we are reaping the consequences through the rise of the far right in Europe and the US, leaving dangerous social times are ahead."	"Using social media makes users subject to the ""filter bubble."" Users are primarily exposed to things they already agree with: Social media filters out opposing views to that of the user's, which negatively impacts civic debates."
Bullying is more popular now that social media is around	Social Media often spreads messages without any validation of informational accuracy
"Social media is being exploited by users - Whatsapp, Facebook etc. end up being full of immaterial forwards, eating away into space and personal time."	People not facing each other brings the worst out because they cannot immediately be punished and cannot see the harm their post does.
Social Media often spreads messages without any validation of informational accuracy	We feel irrelevant if we don't exist on someone's social media feed.
Social media gives many a false perception of reality as it makes it very easy for people to avoid having productive discussions.	"Social media are easy to manipulate in the hands of experts in the field, and some willingly sell their abilities to wanting governments and industries in exchange for money."
"The view of the world, as portrayed on social media, is far away from reality."	Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!
"Recent investigations have led Social Media organizations, to admit sharing among other organization social media user information without clear user permission(insufficient privacy laws), and this information used sometimes to misinform users"	Social media has contributed to the current inability for people to express a differing opinion in a civil manner. Anonymity allows untruths and hatred to proliferate unchecked. The ability to critically analyze a subject has eroded.
"Social Media keeps people from actually living their lives by interacting with nature, and interacting with environment, and interacting with people. Instead, social media creates a society of voyeurs, watching other people's lives."	"Social media are easy to manipulate in the hands of experts in the field, and some willingly sell their abilities to wanting governments and industries in exchange for money."
"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."	"Considering on being anonymous on the social media, through fake profiles, people feel empowered to bully and do harm things to others. This can be dangerous for young teens and children"
"The risk of evil uses of public postings far out weigh the potential benefits. Social media postings are forever, which few users consider."	Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message
"Social media enables plethora of opportunities yet doesn't restrict the detrimental/harmful usage therefore most use 30% constructively and 70% destructively. Overall, bringing more harm than good, The weapon in the hands of kids, playfully dangerous."	"Social media allows individuals to escape their realities by entering into any reality they could desire. This will make people hate their current situation, while supposing that they can leave their existing one. Which isn't true."
"I see people in public places, they are glued to the mobile phones busy with social platforms forgetting the nearby people who are physically standing next to them."	"The pace imposed by social media, in terms of intervals between content submission may be detremental to quality, and lead to more shallow content"
The major harm with social media is that sometimes people use it for their own benefit by spreading fake news and misguiding others.	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
"Social media are easy to manipulate in the hands of experts in the field, and some willingly sell their abilities to wanting governments and industries in exchange for money."	Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society
"Social media facilitates sexting, which can lead to revenge porn, criminal charges and a proliferation of personal images."	Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.
Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.	The major harm with social media is that sometimes people use it for their own benefit by spreading fake news and misguiding others.
"Social media es bad because now you cannot tell from a fakenews or a real news, so knowledge is getting difuse on this new environment."	"Social Media usage is bringing more harm than good, people are getting addicted to the likes and dislikes which in-turn is affecting the behavior pattern and leading depression and anxiety"
Dependence on social media can lead to self-confidence issues and anxieties	Social media is pushing people to become anti-social in person
"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."	Social media has made it easier for groups such as governments to plant their ideas and watch them grow. It creates a culture of non-thinking robots.
"Social media appears to consist of egotistical self gratification, resulting in extreme amounts of time wasting."	Social Media has become a distraction from focused work
"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."	Most of the population update their day to day activities. Social media encourages to share as much data possible which can be used against you
"Social media can endanger our military, journalists and activists."	Social media facilitates cyber bullying and identity theft.
"as humans get more and more dependent on social platforms for everything especially news, few entities can now know &amp; accordingly control the thought process at a micro/individual and also at macro/society levels"	We are creating a generation of people who can no longer interface with people directly. They are living their life based on perceived ideas posted on social media. It's very concerning.
Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users	Social media if not used responsibly can create chaos in a society. This is dangerous than any World War that we have witnessed in the recent past.
We have become so dependent on social media we no longer realize the dangers involved in sharing our information. Allowing these companies to access so much of our information poses a great risk to our privacy.	"Being able to synthesize every thought that there is, in a social media post, no matter how false or unreal they are, is a real show of nerve which tests our tolerance limits"
We feel irrelevant if we don't exist on someone's social media feed.	Social media is very open to biased manipulation of controversial subjects
"Unsuitable content is made available to children and students, due to uncontrolled content that is available on social media, this calls for action from all social media providers to filter content as per users maturity."	"As evidenced in France through the ""Yellow jackets"" movement, social media can easily be abused to spread fake news reaching a broad population. The absence of control over contents or responsibility by users are key factors."
"There is no barrier to entry, no arbiter of truth, and it is frequently used to manipulate and malign. The little good it does can be done in better and less damaging ways."	Social media is degrading human health. This has already killed lot of physical activities of human being and has potential to bring more malaise into the society
"Social media enables plethora of opportunities yet doesn't restrict the detrimental/harmful usage therefore most use 30% constructively and 70% destructively. Overall, bringing more harm than good, The weapon in the hands of kids, playfully dangerous."	"Social media primarily shows the posts of people that have similar opinions to you. The result is more eco-chambers, where people aren't aware of other opinions, and therefore a more polarized social discourse."
"Social media creates unrealistic standards and expectations when it comes to physical appearance and fitness for tweens, teens, and young adults while their brains are still developing."	Social media creates an addiction and replaces real relations in the real world with silly quick and meaningless feedback on the screen
Social media platforms are driven by commercial profit motives resulting in developments which drive addictive behaviours in users	Social media accounts are not authenticated and anyone's identity can be faked and used to cause harm to a person's reputation
Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.	Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.
Advantage is taken by people who would like to influence crowd mentality for malicious motives.	Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.
"Never before in the history of mankind have those so ignorant of the value of time, been misled by those so wasteful of time."	"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."
"Social Media removes independent thinking. Instead, people learn what to think, how to behave, what to believe in, by reading social media posts. Social Media creates an entire culture of ""followers""."	Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.
"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."	Social media if not used responsibly can create chaos in a society. This is dangerous than any World War that we have witnessed in the recent past.
It is good concept but it wasn't rolled out with proper planning. It gives power to common people without letting them know their responsibilities. It's just like handing over sword to undisciplined teenage kid without training.	Social media create lots of unwanted attentions on topics which could have been handled in delicate way by proper news media which cause trouble by fake news and rumors. Not all matured to use Social media.
Italian government members often make populist tweets. We need to stop it!	Social media removes the need for real interpersonal communication.
Social Media can be a time-waster and distract us from other things that need our attention.	"Social media appears to consist of egotistical self gratification, resulting in extreme amounts of time wasting."
People seek out experiences only for the sake of sharing them and during the experience focus only on capturing it not on experiencing it	Social media makes people fat and lazy. They sit all day when they should be going out and actually interacting with people.
People only post the best parts of life creating a false sense of positivity which others cannot achieve.	"Social media in its current and most prolific forms rewards users' negative traits, like attention seeking, and reduces their real-life interactions with other human beings."
Social media is a means for anonymous bullying with no consequences.	Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access
Social media privacy policies are not transparent and latest breach of customer data is one such example	It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.
"Due to unprotected data and lack of security regulation, social media brings more harm than good to all - not just to those who participate."	Social media has helped make people more vain by giving more exposure to their lives and by it's algorithms being used to reinforce their own preference to information supporting their points-of-view
"Social Media doesn't have the same guidelines as journalism has; therefore everybody posts without any background/thinking and leads to things like shitstorms, false statements...."	What has always amazed me is how many people feel free to send mean-spirited messages to people they don't know on Twitter.
Everyones privacy is greatly harmed by the access the internet provides and lack of responsibility and privacy standards and guidelines we hold businesses accountable for.	"Social media provides a false of anonymity that causes people to make careless, unfiltered statements they often regret."
"Social media creates group-think, and news which may not be true or is very one-sided gets spread around very quickly."	"In the social media, people tend to write something which they would never mentioned in person, occasionally resulting in the lack of sensitiveness."
Social media has contributed to the current inability for people to express a differing opinion in a civil manner. Anonymity allows untruths and hatred to proliferate unchecked. The ability to critically analyze a subject has eroded.	Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users
The way social media is used is corrosive. Used as a sales platform to attract friends by posting a dishonest overwhelmingly positive view of their life. This makes their friends strive to exceed reducing self worth	"Social media platforms tend to make people feel inferior and inadequate. For instance, if you see that all your friends are posting pics of international vacations, but you cannot afford those. you would become depressed"
"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."	"The exposure in social networks create sometime bad behaviors and leave people being not the same on real life as on social life, afraid of what will happen with their exposure."
"Social media promotes one-way conversation where a person is shielded from social cues and pushes out diatribes that are immune from pushback, feedback, or social discomfort."	Social media has made it easier for groups such as governments to plant their ideas and watch them grow. It creates a culture of non-thinking robots.
"Social media creates a dangerous sort of groupthink. Instead of sharing ideas with a wide range of people, similar-minded people seem to gather together and create one-sided communities."	"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."
people are addicted to social media and dont spend time with others	"Social Media is an artificial connection between people as information is ""pushed out"" without any filtering."
"Supposedly created for transparency, social media are in fact most of the times used anonymously and therefore be a place for useless , violent, false arguments"	Social media give a platform of expression for racists and antisemites to spread their ideas in the general public
"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."	"The anonymity afforded by social media leads some people (e.g. trolls) to feel emboldened to say hurtful things that they would not say face-to-face. As such, it can be considered to do harm."
We have become so dependent on social media we no longer realize the dangers involved in sharing our information. Allowing these companies to access so much of our information poses a great risk to our privacy.	"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."
Social media has created a new form of engagement for child predators.	Trump could never have been elected without the (mis-)use of social media to manipulate public opinion.
In a developing country like India what's app and facebook has become a major source of spreading fake news. These fake news has resulted in violence and lynching.	"Information overload from social media causes loss of focus, creates biases and takes away a lot of time from important and necessary things (parenting, reading books, studying, sports...)"
"When the world is perfect and mine is a mess, I get depressed. Or when my day is going well, and I read about war, I get depressed. Social media is not under my control."	People rarely post about the negatives in their life. This leads others to believe their friends' life is all roses and gives a false sense of reality - makes people feel their lives are boring.
"Social media is a tool and as such is never free. Those mastering the tool best, manipulating the language most and hammering messages excessively silence others. The majority is being left high and dry."	"Everyone wants instant gratification/like on social media. It creates false image of personas wherein you can't figure out who is the real other. It has become a platform for Politicians/hate mongers drive propaganda, incite violence"
In a developing country like India what's app and facebook has become a major source of spreading fake news. These fake news has resulted in violence and lynching.	"Unfortunately there are social media monopolies that, with self-regulation, have proven time and again have ineffective controls that fail to pass the sunshine test to the detriment of orderly society."
Social media are allowing access to personal information that if not treated as confidential can be used to manipulate people	Social media can be addictive for some people and therefore should be treated as drugs.
"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."	"Considering on being anonymous on the social media, through fake profiles, people feel empowered to bully and do harm things to others. This can be dangerous for young teens and children"
Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.	Social media changes the way people think by subconsciously controlling their thinking process.
Technology obfuscates the signals humans have evolved to show in interacting resulting in a lack of sensitivity in how we interact through social media	Social media's business model establishes the user and his/her data as the product which provides opportunity for malicious use of private information.
"Social media diminish the value of well-established knowledge, eminence, and experience."	Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.
Social media allows fake propaganda or hate speech to spread easily.	Lots of misinformation can be spread around the world in real time in a snow ball effect.
People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.	"Echo chambers are a serious issue these days, resulting in people who are unaware of what happens in the real world around them"
Human nature is to want to experience what our peers or heroes have and do. Human nature is also to only project the best presentation of ourselves. Social media is a megaphone. Unhappiness ensues.	"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"
Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.	"While we are social creatures, social media distorts reality, creates unfair expectations, and is the way to rule by bullying."
People are tending to interact more with the people who are far away than with the people around them because of their addiction to the interacting devices which is leading to less interpersonal skills in them	"Due to social media personal data of individuals are getting exposed to various organizations, who are monetizing them by various ways; and also the productivity and behavioral patterns of human are getting negatively impacted."
Social media causes less face to face interaction	Social media makes people less social as they lose their face to face communications skills
Social media is a source of fake news.	Social media can be addictive for some people and therefore should be treated as drugs.
anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.	Social Media makes parents ignore their children. Children grow up believing social media is what life is all about and everything else is unimportant.
Human nature is to want to experience what our peers or heroes have and do. Human nature is also to only project the best presentation of ourselves. Social media is a megaphone. Unhappiness ensues.	"The average user assumes only innocent use of the submissions. Over time, authoritarian regimes might leverage it for very bad reasons. Submissions are forever, and submitters are perpetually exposed. Think Stalin/Hitler"
Social media has now become a very potent tool in the hands of rogue people and governments. Citizens in particular are being manipulated into believing fake news causing polarization in society and weakening democratic institutions.	"It brings harm when you think it in long term. In short term, it gives you good feelings such as helpful info or pics you like. However they are nothing to your life after all."
The downside of social media is that it is used for propaganda purposes by political groups in the name of free speech	"As social media is a virtual manifestation of human communication itself though on a global scale, bullying and outlawing may be magnitudes more distributed."
Platforms such as Facebook MessengerKids; still has an unclear privacy policy. Such platforms unless regulated by Govt policies are bound to tend towards sharing user's data across platforms/orgs/service partners &amp; finally compromising the objective.	"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."
Social media notifications can be a constant distraction from work or focused tasks	"Social media exacerbate the problem of ""naming and shaming"", causing the spread of much hurt and pain."
Social media is harm because many people use social media with no rights level of digital ethics. The same analogy could be said if people use knife with no ethics.	Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message
"Social media enable people with dagerous views and powers to group and plan potentially violent and hateful actions, thus endangering us all."	Social Media is becoming more addictive among young generations. People waste time posting unwanted &amp; unnecessary personal status updates in public.
Mind is fascinated by information overload on social media and the need for real/actual social interaction gets lost which is unhealthy in the long run.	"Agreed!! Especially during election season. By not having the human connection, civility, tone and intent are lost. There are more personal attacks.News items need to be vetted and researched very thoroughly."
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.
"Contrary to its name, social media can be insular and fosters indirect vs. direct communication, while also increasing personal data security risks."	People seek out experiences only for the sake of sharing them and during the experience focus only on capturing it not on experiencing it
Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content	We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.
Social media is often used to cyber-bully or ostracize someone publicly (especially with teenagers).	"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users."
"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
In social media people feel more free to bully other people because they don't see the emotions or reactions of the person they bully.	"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"
"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.	"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."
racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism	"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"
"Social media creates echo chambers where people are more likely to just have their own views enforced and think they are the norm (e.g. by liking specific facebook pages), which is bad for understanding."	"Echo chamber - posts you see are based on your likes and friends so you'll mostly see opinions that agree with you, reinforcing your prejudices and reducing the chance that people will change their minds"
people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.	"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."
"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"	"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."
"Social media get's money by making people use it, so they make you addicted to it: either by sending notifications to re-enter it, or rapidly changing the shown info to make you want to stay."	"People using social media are far more likely to develop the fear of missing out, feeling bad about themselves because they are not experiencing everything the world has to offer"
"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"	"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."
"Compre to news sites, it's very easy to spread lies and fake news on social media because people are less alert when using it"	Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.
"The need to always present our best selfs to the world through selfies, pictures of trip highlights and more caused us to be more self involved and narcissistic."	"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."
Social media makes people feel like if they don't post the thing they did there they didn't really do it. That makes people be busy with their phones instead of living in the moment.	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."
Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.	"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"
"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."	"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"
Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.	"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."
Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.	Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.
"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"	When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life
"It's easier to bully in social media, since you don't see the reaction of the people you are offending."	"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."
"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"	Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.
"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"	"social media is an easy unchecked platform to spread news in, contributing to the rise of fake news and less media credibility"
Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.	"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."
"social media is an easy unchecked platform to spread news in, contributing to the rise of fake news and less media credibility"	"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."
"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."	Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.
"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."	"The platforms encourage reducing social interactions to shallow mass messages, creating a lonelier and more disconnected society"
"The focus in social media (for example, Instagram) is on the appearance of people, and not on their personalty. People that are less good looking may feel like they are worthless in the world."	People who use social media may be mislead by rumors or misinformation that can negatively affect their life such as in the case of quackery or health advice given by people with no credentials.
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."
Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.	"Children growing in the world of social media learns that their worth is determined by ""likes"" count causing them to focus on self representaion to others instead of building selfworth from within."
"In order to attract more views, newspapers publish on their page in social media a link to an article, but with a misleading headline. People who don't read the article may get wrong information."	Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.
Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.	Social media brings more harm than good because encourages young people to spend more time looking at screens and less time together in person.
"Social media promotes extremism, since it gets more likes and shares. It enlarges every conflicts and creates very negative discussion that later affect real life issues."	"social media is an easy unchecked platform to spread news in, contributing to the rise of fake news and less media credibility"
"Children growing in the world of social media learns that their worth is determined by ""likes"" count causing them to focus on self representaion to others instead of building selfworth from within."	Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."	"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."
"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users."	Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.
"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"	Social media can create a hive mind mentality where people will join in on an idea just to fit in with others.
Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.	"Social media leads to political echo chambers, resulting in poor political discourse and divisive politics"
"Social media leads to people becoming used to short and simple messages, thus making it harder and less likely for them to reed more profound articles, and that leads to less informed citizens."	"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"
people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.	Social media has been integral to the rise of cyber bullying and mental health issues amongst young people in the past decade.
"It's easier to bully in social media, since you don't see the reaction of the people you are offending."	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	"Social media make people more depressed. They constantly see a fake portrayal of other people’s life, and compare their real imperfect selves to that. It creates unrealistic expectations from oneself followed by devastating disappointment."
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	"People using social media are far more likely to develop the fear of missing out, feeling bad about themselves because they are not experiencing everything the world has to offer"
"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"	"Cyber bullying - when people don't see the person in front of them they're likely to be more cruel, plus it's done more publicly, resulting in more damage to the victim."
Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common	People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it
"social media allowed extremists to band together and get the feeling that if there are more of them, then their opinion isn't as radical as they thought (KKK, Neo-Nazis, alt-right, etc..)"	"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."
"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."	"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"
"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."	"Social media is addicting, taking away from your actual real life relationships that are much more meaningful in the long term."
Since people believe the grass is always greener in the other feed they don't feel comfortable sharing of their hardships and iddues that leads to an isolated sociey unaware of the things people are going through.	The information spreaded is social media is rarely verified. Great part of the information shared via social media is misleading or simply false. People can’t tell what is true- fake news media.
"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."	Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.
"People using social media are far more likely to develop the fear of missing out, feeling bad about themselves because they are not experiencing everything the world has to offer"	"In order to attract more views, newspapers publish on their page in social media a link to an article, but with a misleading headline. People who don't read the article may get wrong information."
"The need to always present our best selfs to the world through selfies, pictures of trip highlights and more caused us to be more self involved and narcissistic."	"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."
Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.	"Social media promotes extremism, since it gets more likes and shares. It enlarges every conflicts and creates very negative discussion that later affect real life issues."
"Compre to news sites, it's very easy to spread lies and fake news on social media because people are less alert when using it"	"Social media can be used by governments to follow their citizens, make them conform to the regime's ideology and harm those that don't."
"Cyber bullying - when people don't see the person in front of them they're likely to be more cruel, plus it's done more publicly, resulting in more damage to the victim."	Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.
"The info on social media is misleading: people see articles from wellknown publishers next to uknown ones, believing both without understand the difference."	"It's easier to bully in social media, since you don't see the reaction of the people you are offending."
"Since most people only like posts that they agree with and have friends with similar opinions, social media creats a bubble and people arent exposed to opposing opinions and often become more extreme"	Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.
racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism	Social media brings more harm than good because encourages young people to spend more time looking at screens and less time together in person.
The information spreaded is social media is rarely verified. Great part of the information shared via social media is misleading or simply false. People can’t tell what is true- fake news media.	"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"
Social media brings more harm than good because it makes many people anxious and contributes to depression and poor mental health.	"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"
Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.	"Social media leads to political echo chambers, resulting in poor political discourse and divisive politics"
"Social media platforms allow the spread of fake news, which harms democratic discussion and leads to populist terrible leaders being elected based on false information"	"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."
Allows populists to converse directly with citizens in vague slogans instead of actual policies and creates worse decisions overall	"Social media is a place where fake news travels fast and usually stays long after it has been proven wrong, making people believe lies."
"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."	Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them
"On social media I always compare myself to how other people seem happy, and they always seem happier than me because they share only happy aspects about their life"	"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.
Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.	"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.	"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"
A superficial news source which keeps people less informed and more biased to the if own echo chambers	Social media facilitates jealousy and constant self-comparison to other people's profiles and lives.
Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.	"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."
Social media can be used by hate groups to recruit and spread their message more effectively.	"social media causes people more depression in life, because you are less connecting physically with prople"
"The need to always present our best selfs to the world through selfies, pictures of trip highlights and more caused us to be more self involved and narcissistic."	"Since people only post the highlights of their life on social media, it can lead to a skewed perception of how happy people are in reality which can make people feel lonely or under-achieving."
Social media brings more harm than good because it makes many people anxious and contributes to depression and poor mental health.	"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"
"Since most people only like posts that they agree with and have friends with similar opinions, social media creats a bubble and people arent exposed to opposing opinions and often become more extreme"	"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."
"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"	In social media people feel more free to bully other people because they don't see the emotions or reactions of the person they bully.
"Compre to news sites, it's very easy to spread lies and fake news on social media because people are less alert when using it"	"social media gets lots of people addicted to it, making them constantly worried about their posts and causes them stress instead of living the moment with the people around them"
"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."	Anything that is posted online stays online forever and thus may harm young people who post without a second thought and will have to suffer the consequences for the rest of their life.
"The need to always present our best selfs to the world through selfies, pictures of trip highlights and more caused us to be more self involved and narcissistic."	"social media gets lots of people addicted to it, making them constantly worried about their posts and causes them stress instead of living the moment with the people around them"
"Compre to news sites, it's very easy to spread lies and fake news on social media because people are less alert when using it"	Social media encourages replacing the natural face to face contact with a digital way of contact that lacking the nuances of intonation and body language.
"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."	Social media is often used to cyber-bully or ostracize someone publicly (especially with teenagers).
"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."	Social media can be used by hate groups to recruit and spread their message more effectively.
People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it	"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.	"The need to always present our best selfs to the world through selfies, pictures of trip highlights and more caused us to be more self involved and narcissistic."
"Recent investigations have led Social Media organizations, to admit sharing among other organization social media user information without clear user permission(insufficient privacy laws), and this information used sometimes to misinform users"	"Social media poses a unique threat to our children. Parents love posting pictures to get likes but don't realize that there are predators online who use those pictures in other, more dangerous and illegal, forums."
We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.	"Social media is abused by anyone and everyone who has something to sell, adds to the desire for instant gratification, and feeds online addiction."
News spread much faster through social media. No validation of fake news creates panic and spreads wrong messages to the people.	It is time consuming to filter through the social media and harvest something useful.
Social media can harm as no filter nor right to really eliminate the publication is posibble. Always connected and Omnipresent produce a high speed propagation of (mis)infomation that can destroy somenone	"Time spent on social media is time NOT spent interacting with others in person (or downright ignoring people right next to them), leading to people feeling even more disconnected and with fewer social skills."
Social media creates unrealistic world as users highlight better aspects of their life. Users avoid meeting inperson thus becoming introverted &amp; loosing human touch. Users don't filter their words as they hide their identity behind screen	"Leading Social media platforms, as of today; have been identified for unethically selling one's digital footprint to third party organizations; without one's knowledge. This unregulated business model is harmful!"
"Social media does not have any significant contribution towards improving global health nor reducing global poverty. In a sense , there are millions hours of productivity wastage in social media activities."	Social media has helped make people more vain by giving more exposure to their lives and by it's algorithms being used to reinforce their own preference to information supporting their points-of-view
"Never before in the history of mankind have those so ignorant of the value of time, been misled by those so wasteful of time."	"Social Media doesn't have the same guidelines as journalism has; therefore everybody posts without any background/thinking and leads to things like shitstorms, false statements...."
"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."	Social Media can cause more harm if its not used the right way. There could be vested interests using social media for their use thru manipulation or changing public opinion by using misinformation
Social media creates bubbles of information and people believe that they represent the reality of the society.	Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.
"People use social media to hide behind, so they can say things they would never say out loud to someone's face. So they are able to be inconsiderate, ugly, hateful, and not censored by others."	News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.
People harm others as they are more anonymous than in real life.	Privacy &amp; safety of Children using social media for genuine purposes are left vulnerable.
"You should never post anything on-line that you would not want your mother to read. Careless words can remain on the internet indefinitely, and can cause problems later in life."	"When a service is free, the customer is the product, as is in the case of social media. Using data to manipulate societal opinions is unethical and detrimental to long standing structures of governance and empathy."
Your image can be used for criminal activity if proper care is not taken while sharing your pictures online.	Good ideas are not always the most popular ones. Social media may discourage the initiators of good things.
Children and young adults are struggling in school because of the overuse of social media on smartphones which is taking away from their focus in the classroom	Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.
Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.	"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."
People live different life on social media. This impersonation sometimes connects them to the darkest ant the meanest people who again are impersonating to be their PALs	"Being able to synthesize every thought that there is, in a social media post, no matter how false or unreal they are, is a real show of nerve which tests our tolerance limits"
social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.
Social media provides another avenue to bullying for kids	"The view of the world, as portrayed on social media, is far away from reality."
social media turns society into a high school mentality when popularity is the only measure of success and happines	The amount of time needed for a person to keep abreast of social media is way too high for the insight gained.
"People use social media to hide behind, so they can say things they would never say out loud to someone's face. So they are able to be inconsiderate, ugly, hateful, and not censored by others."	"Social media brings more controversies. It makes our youngsters involve themselves more in internet than their usual routine.Social media increases the level of anxiety like what others do, post and how people react to their post."
Social media creates an unnecessary peer pressure on millennials to live up to needless and unrealistic expectations of people they see on social media.	"it characterizes and defines people thru a ""simple pane of glass"" - at time focusing more form than content, what people do rather than what they think"
"Social media is problematic because it often creates a ""bubble"" where we interact with people who share our belief int various subjects."	"people are always ""connected"" which really disconnect people from real world and real human interaction"
"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."	We end up spending way too much time on social media - be it on phone or iPad or laptops. This has majorly impacted our personal and family life.
People harm others as they are more anonymous than in real life.	Bullying is more popular now that social media is around
"Greedy irresponsible companies intentionally engineer apps to employ psychological techniques that manipulate end user behavior for the sole benefit of the companies , completely disregarding end user well-being ."	Social Medeia exponentially amplifies the connections between people which means information spreads through the network much quicker - and as the information is not vetted it can act like a virus.
Studies show that social media are certainly not leading to a more accountable society.	Social media is very open to biased manipulation of controversial subjects
Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy	"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."
Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.	"Time spent on social media is time NOT spent interacting with others in person (or downright ignoring people right next to them), leading to people feeling even more disconnected and with fewer social skills."
"Social media are a dangerous tool for politicians, liars, cheaters and trolls."	decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people
Social media is pushing people to become anti-social in person	Social media privacy policies are not transparent and latest breach of customer data is one such example
"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"	People now have a tendency to formulate opinions on important topics from memes rather than taking the time to read factual articles.
"In social media it's really easy to disappear behind a fake profile, and this is showing to the world the abundance of people that is only waiting for a possibility to do bad things"	"People often interact with social media instead of being actually social, an important aspect of mental health. People should police themselves to use social media only when other social outlets are absent."
"Unfortunately there are social media monopolies that, with self-regulation, have proven time and again have ineffective controls that fail to pass the sunshine test to the detriment of orderly society."	"People mostly post their personal good times. Frequent users view others having fun and being social and happy all of the time. By comparison, they perceive their own lives to be less joyful and social."
Social media is a place where you can influence people by giving false statistics and no one would verify that	"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."
Social media like all on-line communications allows people to voice more extreme positions then they would face to face. Basically social media facilitates less decorum.	Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.
Good ideas are not always the most popular ones. Social media may discourage the initiators of good things.	For people suffering from anxiety or depression viewing others apparently happy life on social media might make their condition worse.
"Social media can exacerbate feelings of disconnect and put children at higher risk for anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, eating disorders and even suicide."	Social media creates an unnecessary peer pressure on millennials to live up to needless and unrealistic expectations of people they see on social media.
"Social media diminish the value of well-established knowledge, eminence, and experience."	"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"
"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
For many social media replaces real social interaction and therefore diminishes the depth of personal relationships.	Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity
"Social media allows individuals to escape their realities by entering into any reality they could desire. This will make people hate their current situation, while supposing that they can leave their existing one. Which isn't true."	Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.
"Politically charged discussions are often hotly contested on social media, where trolls often also stoke further division and active listening and discussion turn into online shouting matches."	"Since one is behind a PC, interaction is distant. People tend to be insincere &amp; exaggerate comments. I have yet to meet a person whom when Face to face, exaggerates on those topics."
Social media affects the psychology of every person. Human started to reacted to imaginable things. They forgot to be natural. Security is not there if you access the social media. Privacy is lost.	People are tending to interact more with the people who are far away than with the people around them because of their addiction to the interacting devices which is leading to less interpersonal skills in them
Social media creates an unnecessary peer pressure on millennials to live up to needless and unrealistic expectations of people they see on social media.	Its dangerous when if becomes and addiction and difficult to quit even if the person wants to
Social media increases bullying on a scale never seen before.	"Social media is often filled with many ads, which takes away from the personal experience"
"There is no barrier to entry, no arbiter of truth, and it is frequently used to manipulate and malign. The little good it does can be done in better and less damaging ways."	"Social media gives people the false sense of connection, but in fact they view their ""friends"" through a sugar coated mirror, and thus tend to believe their own lives are worse than others'"
"Social media provides opportunities for comparison with other people like never before. Comparison with others from psychological perspective can cause anxiety, stress and even depression. ""Comparison is death of joy"""	Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.
"Most (non-personal) social media content lacks transparency or credibility, and most social media platforms lack accountability, allowing users to make comments and post content they would never communicate in person to others."	Social media allows people to have an escapist lifestyle and alternate reality further isolating them from the real social connections they need to be healthy
Social media has given rise to a new age of digital con artists and scams parading as a good cause.	"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."
"Social media is information power which can be abused if not used with judgement, and Cognitive capabilities can help qualify author, relevance to personal content to help build careers, communities and innovation."	"Social media can foster further division on topics that are polarizing. Opinions are often stated as facts, with no supporting evidence provided. Emotion kicks in and debates turn into rants."
Social media like FB is a virtual zoo. We feel awesome writing a post and doing nothing. All perfect hubby/Wifey/son/daughters can be found here. We lose our purpose and drive show-off in social media.	"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."
Addiction to social media can lead to severe psychological and social repercussions.	Peoples privacy is decreasing as social media gives them a fake presence
Design of Social Media is to capture the time and brain and keep them involved without letting them away . It could influence the psychology of masses	Social media does more harm than good because it creates a sense of anonymity among users and because the platforms are politicized for personal agendas
Personal and family privacy is at risk by sharing information.	Social media has created a new form of engagement for child predators.
Social media if not used responsibly can create chaos in a society. This is dangerous than any World War that we have witnessed in the recent past.	"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	People are more addicted and every thing is monitored and reviewed as what we do is going global and online . There is a thin line of viel for the privacy and social as limted .
"Social media promotes group think, as we tend to seek out like minded acquaintances, and ignore those whom with whom we disagree. This leads to the closing of the mind to new ideas."	"Social media is a platform which can spread rumors , fake news like a wildfire which can lead to communal riots; also can defame a person and destroy lives within an hour."
"Social media can be a waste of time. A certain amount can be beneficial to business and one's social life, but too much can pull a person away from more important areas."	Our current generation of social media profiles us and curates content based on what will keep us engaged for their profit rather than improve our knowledge and outreach to others we may benefit from.
Social media has a tendency in this mobile world to create distracted drivers.	Social media makes people think their life is inferior because everyone lies on social media.
"""Bad actors"" can take over the medium and influence others based on falsehoods"	Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.
Peoples privacy is decreasing as social media gives them a fake presence	Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content
"The pace imposed by social media, in terms of intervals between content submission may be detremental to quality, and lead to more shallow content"	"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."
"Some of the harms which Social media is bringing are lack of patience in day to day life, which has started impacting people life. More and more comparison culture."	"People use social media to hide behind, so they can say things they would never say out loud to someone's face. So they are able to be inconsiderate, ugly, hateful, and not censored by others."
Social media feeds the egos of people letting them share only the best aspects of their lives.	People tend to expect more from social responses than on real life.
Social media makes people less social as they lose their face to face communications skills	Social media changes the way people think by subconsciously controlling their thinking process.
Amount of time people spend in face to face conversations is reduced.	Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.
Social media increases bullying on a scale never seen before.	It is hard to verify the facts (if any) behind opinions or statements.
What has always amazed me is how many people feel free to send mean-spirited messages to people they don't know on Twitter.	Social media forces people to pretend to be happier then they are. People tend to post pictures of good things and they curate to show off to their followers.
People use the platform as a portfolio of only the best experiences they encounter and don't share the bad experiences making the 'grass is greener on the other side' depressive mentality more common.	"Being able to synthesize every thought that there is, in a social media post, no matter how false or unreal they are, is a real show of nerve which tests our tolerance limits"
"Social media is often filled with many ads, which takes away from the personal experience"	Social media give a platform of expression for racists and antisemites to spread their ideas in the general public
"Due to unprotected data and lack of security regulation, social media brings more harm than good to all - not just to those who participate."	"Causes weight gain interacting with the screen instead of F2F, like walking to the neighbor, driving to meet someone, or walking up the stairs to someone in the same house or office."
Its dangerous when if becomes and addiction and difficult to quit even if the person wants to	People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive
"Social media became a platform where a mistake of a person, no matter how petty it is, can be seen by anyone connected to the internet and can result to the individual being cyber bullied."	"Social does not bring the full reality of lives...only an imbalanced view. You see the family happily gathered around a Xmas tree, not the 2 hour screaming, and yelling argument that preceded it."
"Social media are being abuse by people as propaganda , which disturb the society harmony"	"It is a theft of time, which would damage our personal and professional life."
"SM allows the user to surround themselves with views they agree with, diminishing the ability to sway opinion; rather it entrenches and bolsters views to ultimate polarization."	"Social media in its current and most prolific forms rewards users' negative traits, like attention seeking, and reduces their real-life interactions with other human beings."
"Posts tend to be boastful, 'look at what I have', they say. It becomes an arms race to be better than the Jones's, leaving users depressed."	Social media sites that utilize the following and liking can add to social anxieties. These features can lead to people evaluating self worth based on the number of likes or followers.
Social media can be a drain on time and use up hours that you cannot get back.	Real life is much better than the fake life in Facebook.
Your image can be used for criminal activity if proper care is not taken while sharing your pictures online.	"Social media is often used for activities such as stalking, harassing others, and connecting social predators with their victims."
Social media creates unrealistic world as users highlight better aspects of their life. Users avoid meeting inperson thus becoming introverted &amp; loosing human touch. Users don't filter their words as they hide their identity behind screen	"Social media are easy to manipulate in the hands of experts in the field, and some willingly sell their abilities to wanting governments and industries in exchange for money."
Social media accounts are not authenticated and anyone's identity can be faked and used to cause harm to a person's reputation	People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.
Social media has given rise to a new age of digital con artists and scams parading as a good cause.	"Social media is like today's Sirens, beckoning us to smash ourselves against the rocks."
Social Media makes parents ignore their children. Children grow up believing social media is what life is all about and everything else is unimportant.	Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.
"Social Media tends to be focused on the highlights of people's lives and creates an unrealistic metric that other people compare themselves to, which may lead to serious mental health issues."	"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."
"As social media is a virtual manifestation of human communication itself though on a global scale, bullying and outlawing may be magnitudes more distributed."	Social media is largely used to spread false information or half truths and thus presents a huge risk to democratic societies.
"The exposure in social networks create sometime bad behaviors and leave people being not the same on real life as on social life, afraid of what will happen with their exposure."	"Due to unprotected data and lack of security regulation, social media brings more harm than good to all - not just to those who participate."
People tends to see only what reinforce their beliefs and thoughts and don't take in consideration alternative and opposite point of views.	"Social Media is one of the root causes for why our young people today are so stressed, overwhelmed and anxious."
"Social media can be addictive, causing unsafe behaviours like checking phones while driving"	Businesses are negatively impacted due to social media
Students who are heavy social media users tend to have lower grades.	"Social media has created the radical, divisive, and uncompromising political climate that we see today."
People have started spending more than required time on the social media which is impacting their health both physical and mental	"Social Media has broken the old established cultures, values, respect for individual, privacy and creating significant healthy harms by excessive indulgence."
Social media is extremely addictive and has taken the place of face-to-face interaction that kids used to grow up with.	The amount of time we spend daily consumed by social media is astonishing when mapped out and most people wouldn't feel comfortable with their consumption numbers.
"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."	"Social media are easy to manipulate in the hands of experts in the field, and some willingly sell their abilities to wanting governments and industries in exchange for money."
"I mean its fine to have lots of opportunity in life ,but if we depend our life on social media , I am afraid one day we are going to lose our loved ones mentally."	"Social media is a platform which can spread rumors , fake news like a wildfire which can lead to communal riots; also can defame a person and destroy lives within an hour."
News that is not correct or accurate is quickly disseminated amongst the people; the People's zeitgeist is easily swayed by this un-policed and un-checked propaganda that could originate from any source and any country.	"Even if connection and news are available on social media, there are so many fake news spread on this and it creates conflicts in society, and this all is based on fake details."
It has been observed that some of the posts in social media are not always true and it can harm negatively for the people who do not check whether it is indeed true or not.	Often Social media keeps on giving content of the nature we have seen or sharing. slowly it makes people knowledge and thought process unidimensional . People don't get to analyze both side of a story.
Social media is creating a negative sociological impact since most of the commonly watched material is pushed no one validates the sanctity of the information and envisaging the impact it would create on someones mind	"Social Media usage is bringing more harm than good, people are getting addicted to the likes and dislikes which in-turn is affecting the behavior pattern and leading depression and anxiety"
"Social media, as it is practiced today, is anonymous and crimes can be committed and untraceable."	"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."
Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.	"Social media if not properly controlled or regulated, anybody can post fake news and without people checking it could lead to a lot of issues."
Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.	Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.
Tool to make promise and belief and masses fall prey to it . For a commoner it serves as a bane.	"Social media may cause depression to some as they scroll through and see only the good-life aspect of their friends profiles, causing them to feel unsuccessful."
Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.	"Social media is problematic because it often creates a ""bubble"" where we interact with people who share our belief int various subjects."
Social media claims to keep people connected with their families and friends but it actually seems to bring feelings of loneliness more often than it brings feelings of togetherness.	"Social media is a tool and as such is never free. Those mastering the tool best, manipulating the language most and hammering messages excessively silence others. The majority is being left high and dry."
Social media has made it easier for groups such as governments to plant their ideas and watch them grow. It creates a culture of non-thinking robots.	Social media creates an environment of complete distraction and interruption and distracts from progress toward meaningful education and self improvement.
Any information shared is believed to be true and trusted without verifying whether the shared information is correct or not. So it gives more chance for irrelevant and incorrect information being shared.	"Social networks are helping fake news to be spread everywhere in seconds, creating a parallell reality sometimes difficult to verify, which may respond to unclear interests"
Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .	"Given the trend of censorship currently being put in place over all social medias, by all governments including democracies, yes it will bring more harm than good when this censorship becomes a full reality. Big Brother."
Social Media often seeks validation for actions without context	Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.
"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."	"higher risk that some of the facts quotations from a particular source in an article are false. newspapers might lose customers if people find out they gave been selling lies, a blog can be easily deleted."
Need to have you alert hat ON for all the fake news that inhabits the space	Social media is currently designed to be addictive in order to attract attention to advertisers.
"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."	Studies show that 80% of human communication is non-verbal/written. How awful must our communication be if it only happens through Social Media? How disconnected must we be?
Social media is currently designed to be addictive in order to attract attention to advertisers.	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
"Social media intrudes on personal interactions with family and friends. Instead of enjoying the moment and being fully engaged, people feel a compelling need to see the latest trivial post, missing what is truly important."	The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.
"Social media intrudes on personal interactions with family and friends. Instead of enjoying the moment and being fully engaged, people feel a compelling need to see the latest trivial post, missing what is truly important."	"Unregulated social media platforms (non-COPPA complaint); as of today, can be easily used for targeted harassment - leading to acute depression, anxiety for the young citizens/users. Such platforms are doing more harm than often realized."
Social media is easy to manipulate: irresponsible or malevolent inputs may ruin personal life of the target individual or spread fake information that can induce fatal actions by ignorant people.	"Because social media participants are not authenticated, the technology has been and will continue to be undermined by those with malicious intent. We need KYC laws."
"Hate posts, inappropriate content, over indulgence to likes, etc. affects health and well being."	Unrestricted usage of social media causes loss of productivity and effective time of employees.
Social media has given rise to a new age of digital con artists and scams parading as a good cause.	Social media creates a virtual ecosystem which fools the human mind of social interactions via social platforms. which its actually not - nowhere near.
Social media makes people dumb. They lose contact with the real world.	Social media can be used to inflame vast numbers of people that have no true understanding of an issue.
"If you can control what people type and say, you can control what they think. If you can control what people think, you have created a class of mental slaves."	"Social media fosters comparison between the carefully digitally curated images of people's lives. These images often do not reflect the struggles of one's life and hence are not honest. Hence, the connections and interactions are shallow."
Social Media opened the door for mass manipulation. It is no longer possible to distinguish between truth and manipulation.	Social media has created an unnecessary itch that needs to be scratched every few seconds. Why scratch when we can avoid it altogether.
"The interactions, guise of anonymity and lack of recourse bring out a dark and cruel side of people. One where people say some of their darkest thoughts that would typically be left unsaid"	"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."
Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.	High risk it lowers self-esteem (this is supported by studies as I undersstand it). It also steal a lot of time that can be used to much better things.
"Social media allows bullies 24 x 7 access to tools to bully their targets without escape. Further, it promotes the bandwagon phenomenon. Both of these could be mitigated in a physical sense before social media."	"If you can control what people type and say, you can control what they think. If you can control what people think, you have created a class of mental slaves."
Failure to properly regulated or self-protect the use and/or sale of personal information has put the long term viability of social media in jeopardy.	"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."
Social media makes people think their life is inferior because everyone lies on social media.	It is a good platform to spread false or not-entairely-true information
People spend way too much time on social media. It is not productive	We feel irrelevant if we don't exist on someone's social media feed.
Social media causes false rumors to spread fast and cause damage to property and mankind.	Social media provides another avenue to bullying for kids
People use the platform as a portfolio of only the best experiences they encounter and don't share the bad experiences making the 'grass is greener on the other side' depressive mentality more common.	"Now,Social Media is a way to breach individual personal information and alarm for Country safety or it could be advertising intelligence &amp; habits patterns. The breach goes beyond fingerprints and face recognition even. People must aware"
"What people don't say publicly in a crowd, they believe it is easier to say in the safety of four walls through social media. Polarisation is high due to strong partisan opinions and fake news."	Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.
"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"	"Folks are pushed to get a ""like"" on the various posts on social media and this governs all actions in their life, losing touch with reality often."
"I'm just saying ever since social media rose in popularity, the individual's ability to think and formulate their own opinions plummeted on most accounts. Now it's just follow the leader. Like that episode of Friends."	"I see people in public places, they are glued to the mobile phones busy with social platforms forgetting the nearby people who are physically standing next to them."
Social media entice people to paint a picture of themselves and their families which is often too good to be true because they want to keep up appearances.	"Social media is abused by anyone and everyone who has something to sell, adds to the desire for instant gratification, and feeds online addiction."
Social Media often spreads messages without any validation of informational accuracy	Social media makes it easier to propagate violence and offensive content.
anti-social elements have it much easier by spreading fear and hatred to a far wider audience at much faster pace.	Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.
"Many a times, it has been the cause of so many conflicts, when people post some disturbing stuffs without any base."	"Everything and everyone looks perfect on social media, which is not always true in real life"
"Considering on being anonymous on the social media, through fake profiles, people feel empowered to bully and do harm things to others. This can be dangerous for young teens and children"	Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.
"Folks are pushed to get a ""like"" on the various posts on social media and this governs all actions in their life, losing touch with reality often."	Social media can ruin people reputation in a few clicks even if the allegations appear to be fake in the long run.
Social media is harm because many people use social media with no rights level of digital ethics. The same analogy could be said if people use knife with no ethics.	Social Media can cause more harm if its not used the right way. There could be vested interests using social media for their use thru manipulation or changing public opinion by using misinformation
Social media is a place where you can influence people by giving false statistics and no one would verify that	Social media allows for a false sense of intimacy and superficial connections may prevent deeper social relationships.
Mind is fascinated by information overload on social media and the need for real/actual social interaction gets lost which is unhealthy in the long run.	"Recent investigations have led Social Media organizations, to admit sharing among other organization social media user information without clear user permission(insufficient privacy laws), and this information used sometimes to misinform users"
"Contrary to its name, social media can be insular and fosters indirect vs. direct communication, while also increasing personal data security risks."	"Social media is often filled with many ads, which takes away from the personal experience"
The amount of time needed for a person to keep abreast of social media is way too high for the insight gained.	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
Social media is taking over our daily lives. We are forgetting how to be social in the truest sense of the word -- by simply having human interaction.	"Life on social Media is extremely carefully curated, more often than not, boosted by marketing and PR agencies. There is not much realism left and the social connection is often connecting to brand and despair"
Social media can be a drain on time and use up hours that you cannot get back.	Good ideas are not always the most popular ones. Social media may discourage the initiators of good things.
"The interactions, guise of anonymity and lack of recourse bring out a dark and cruel side of people. One where people say some of their darkest thoughts that would typically be left unsaid"	"As far as i know 90 % of the information on social media is useless for the remaining 10% of information, it is not a good thing to spend hour's scrolling the pages switching between apps."
People harm others as they are more anonymous than in real life.	We feel irrelevant if we don't exist on someone's social media feed.
Social networks are physically addictive as well as psychologically addictive. A study from Harvard University showed that self-disclosure online fires up a part of the brain that also lights up when engaging in pleasurable activities.	"Social media is a tool and as such is never free. Those mastering the tool best, manipulating the language most and hammering messages excessively silence others. The majority is being left high and dry."
Communication thru social media will reduce and prevent a person discussing/expressing on a face to face basis. Reason is because they feel trapped in the cocoon of the social media. Cannot have F2F conversation.	"Politically charged discussions are often hotly contested on social media, where trolls often also stoke further division and active listening and discussion turn into online shouting matches."
Social media feeds the egos of people letting them share only the best aspects of their lives.	"It has become a tool for corporations and groups to sway opinion, often without us realizing it and that is not a good thing."
Social media amplifies crazy opinions and fake news. It often promotes bad ideas with little mechanism to correct to the truth. Censorship of social media is bad as it promotes bad ideas people in power like.	"Social Media has become an additional addiction for people of all ages.It increases mental stress which in turn reduces productivity and vice versa.It has lead to an increased rate of identity theft,fraud and bullying."
Social media provides another avenue to bullying for kids	Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.
"Social media facilitates anonymous interaction with others, and this interaction can allow people communicate negative and distasteful ideas that they would not present in a face-to-face setting."	Most of the population update their day to day activities. Social media encourages to share as much data possible which can be used against you
"Social media are being abuse by people as propaganda , which disturb the society harmony"	Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.
Real life is much better than the fake life in Facebook.	"SM often fails to provide the context, leading to mis-interpreation."
Any posting in social media becomes uncontrolled when interpreted at the whim of the reader while releasing sensitive clues to potentially harmful information to the masses.	Social media often presents an idealized view of reality that could lead those consuming it to distorted and debilitating comparisons of their real lives with others' carefully crafted and presented posts.
Social Media can be a time-waster and distract us from other things that need our attention.	The amount of time needed for a person to keep abreast of social media is way too high for the insight gained.
The younger generation forgets how to connect personally with others and how to interact when not being hidden behind keyboard.	"Social media, as it's designed today, feeds off of our instincts, not the best versions of ourselves."
Social media spreads unverified information as if it were fact causing disruption in fact based information	Social media exposes personal information to many entities that can and will use it in a harmful way
Social media causes people to pay less attention to their friends and family.	"It gives ~advantageous / level-playing field to bad-actors (criminals, propaganda, non-constructive / abusive intents)"
"Social media makes people withdraw from real, tangible social events."	Social media reduces the willingness to communicate face to face
"People now cross streets, run into people because they are just too focussed on the social media."	"Social media gives users the sense of being anonymous or, at the very least, reduces social inhibitions, leading to bullying, trolling and the like."
Fake news are easily spread resulting in wrongly informed citizens	I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%
"Social Media has broken the old established cultures, values, respect for individual, privacy and creating significant healthy harms by excessive indulgence."	"Social media allows malign individuals to manipulate the mindset of suggestible readers, and we are all more suggestible than we admit."
Fake news are easily spread resulting in wrongly informed citizens	"people are always ""connected"" which really disconnect people from real world and real human interaction"
Use of social media can be very addictive for many and time using it is wasted.	some people are posting non-senses which is a waste of our time to even scan through
Harnessing the good out of social media requires a discipline and a maturity that most don't have due to its addictive nature and the fact that time is NOT a renewable resource.	"Unsuitable content is made available to children and students, due to uncontrolled content that is available on social media, this calls for action from all social media providers to filter content as per users maturity."
Many posts and videos on Facebook or any other social media are not verified and those are mostly edited and biased.	"Social media is quickly replacing responsible journalism and is exposing people to unverified and unedited information, thereby accelerating political division and destabilizing world governments."
"People mostly tend to depict the best of their lives on social media. The result is people seeing an idealized picture of everyone else's life and feeling theirs are inadequate, which causes psychological harms."	Social media allows for false lives and circumstances to be presented as truth which leads to inaccurate comparisons to ones own life resulting in a negative self perception
"There are too many silly videos out there, posted for the sake of trying to be famous, getting ""likes"" or to make fun of others without considering consequences."	"Social media became a platform where a mistake of a person, no matter how petty it is, can be seen by anyone connected to the internet and can result to the individual being cyber bullied."
"Unregulated Social media causes harm, every user account must me validated, other countries shouldn't interfere in state politics and constitutional elections."	Excessive screen time and notifications of individual social media users can easily distract users from face-to-face interaction(s.)
We should spend more time on process that doesn't allow bullying and escaping from who you are . Social media allows hiding behind your words.	Social media accounts are not authenticated and anyone's identity can be faked and used to cause harm to a person's reputation
People seek out experiences only for the sake of sharing them and during the experience focus only on capturing it not on experiencing it	"Social media allows huge media conglomerates to learn about our personal information, and sell it to other commercial conglomerates, without our knowledge and consent."
Social Media has allow opinion to be viewed as fact. Making a statement without the facts backing up the statement is harmful. Let's turn off Social Media and get back to facts based commentary.	Some items on social media are not good for individual and also for society which are forwarded and sent to different age groups which are not appropriate.
"Everything and everyone looks perfect on social media, which is not always true in real life"	Social media can amplify bad ideas by giving them currency based on popularity
"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."	News spread much faster through social media. No validation of fake news creates panic and spreads wrong messages to the people.
"most of social media inputs are small statements like ""punchlines"", which are absolutely inaccurate to discuss complex problems or solutions."	Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.
Social media is bad. We don't like it.	Social media removes the need for real interpersonal communication.
"When people submit their information to social media, data quality assessment will not always be done."	Social media feeds the egos of people letting them share only the best aspects of their lives.
"Social media normalises undesirable behaviour. It easier for terrorists, pedophiles, traffickers to organise and also says ""what you are doing is ok."" This does long term harm to society and outweighs the good."	"Social Media platform is being wrongly utilized by the political fraternity; to track, trace and manipulate one's viewpoint, without one's knowledge - which is dangerous for the democracy of any country."
"As we expand our engagement and interests, often the social media platforms and tools do not help us to draw boundaries on our use of social media and hence lead to long term negative impact."	Social media entice people to paint a picture of themselves and their families which is often too good to be true because they want to keep up appearances.
"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."	"Social media can easily be manipulated by people who control the systems, and has been done in the past."
"It is a theft of time, which would damage our personal and professional life."	For people suffering from anxiety or depression viewing others apparently happy life on social media might make their condition worse.
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	"As evidenced in France through the ""Yellow jackets"" movement, social media can easily be abused to spread fake news reaching a broad population. The absence of control over contents or responsibility by users are key factors."
Social Media has become too political and has only accelerated ideological divisions.	Social media makes it easier to propagate violence and offensive content.
Social media were designed to help people to stay connected. Their abuse ultimately drives people away.	Shit storms can create hostility even if there is nothing to it. Facts are not checked
"When posting to social media, people often only contribute the good things in their life, and this perpetuates a feeling for others that their life doesn't add up or is not good as other people."	"Life on social Media is extremely carefully curated, more often than not, boosted by marketing and PR agencies. There is not much realism left and the social connection is often connecting to brand and despair"
"Social media tends to promote polarisation of opinions - and as we surround ourselves with people who think in a similar way, we can build a false image of the real world."	"Social media presents as being unbiased in perspectives presented, but can instead favor one side of an issue over another or even block valid perspectives entirely, leading to a skewed view of public opinion."
Social media companies protect criminals by not fully complying with legal authorities during investigations.	Social media is uncontrolled network which can give fame or shame to anyone without acknowledging the facts.
"Social media is a vivid example of technological progress gone wrong. It paves way to increased consumerism, vanity, and self-obsession, not to mention new harmful phenomena such as cyber-bullying"	"Social media merely acted like a catalyst to false news, rumors and influenced political and financial gains for few. It has driven people to an unrealistic fantasy to make believe and propel against by trolls."
Often Social media keeps on giving content of the nature we have seen or sharing. slowly it makes people knowledge and thought process unidimensional . People don't get to analyze both side of a story.	Social networks are physically addictive as well as psychologically addictive. A study from Harvard University showed that self-disclosure online fires up a part of the brain that also lights up when engaging in pleasurable activities.
"Social media creates the illusion that one's opinion carries any weight in the world, thus swelling egos that are already too big."	News spread much faster through social media. No validation of fake news creates panic and spreads wrong messages to the people.
People are unable to identify who's the originator of a social media post and therefore could be manipulated by someone.	Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.
People use the platform as a portfolio of only the best experiences they encounter and don't share the bad experiences making the 'grass is greener on the other side' depressive mentality more common.	Social media like FB is a virtual zoo. We feel awesome writing a post and doing nothing. All perfect hubby/Wifey/son/daughters can be found here. We lose our purpose and drive show-off in social media.
"Social media can exacerbate feelings of disconnect and put children at higher risk for anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, eating disorders and even suicide."	"Social media is a very effective vector for the spread of false information, deceptive practices, and lies."
Social media promotes isolation and alienation by providing people an easier means to find only those whose opinions they admire or adhere to instead of broadening ones point of view.	Social media affects the psychology of every person. Human started to reacted to imaginable things. They forgot to be natural. Security is not there if you access the social media. Privacy is lost.
Social media creates bubbles of information and people believe that they represent the reality of the society.	"Social media, as it's designed today, feeds off of our instincts, not the best versions of ourselves."
"Social media presents as being unbiased in perspectives presented, but can instead favor one side of an issue over another or even block valid perspectives entirely, leading to a skewed view of public opinion."	"Any content that is not edited or peer-reviewed can appear superficially as if it has narrative significance, but this includes much illogical, even fabricated, highly inaccurate content"
Social media makes people fat and lazy. They sit all day when they should be going out and actually interacting with people.	On social media - reality is intermingled with falsehood and the potential to discern between them is limited especially for gullible consumers
People are wasting too much of their time on social media.	"Social media is a very effective vector for the spread of false information, deceptive practices, and lies."
Social media has diluted the thought process of young individuals people perceive and see them selves which is not REAL when a 10 year old kid edit his c and shares then there something WRONG	"The exposure in social networks create sometime bad behaviors and leave people being not the same on real life as on social life, afraid of what will happen with their exposure."
Social media is harmful to kids it lands them in trouble if not controlled with access	People tend to expect more from social responses than on real life.
social media just generate instantaneous reaction and don't provide time for deep debate argumented and counterargumented and deep thinking	Social media spreads news that is not real - this provides people incorrect information and leads to decisions being made on bad data.
Social media doesn't all users to adequate context when discussing sensitive or charged subjects.	Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information
We care more for the people on the social platform rather replying or spending time with relatives or family members.	"It is just another opportunity to waste our time , and is intrusive upon our thoughts"
People are wasting too much of their time on social media.	Social media is currently designed to be addictive in order to attract attention to advertisers.
"Given that social media allows for the conveyance of meaning between humans without the necessary support of body language, tone, facial expression, demeanor, etc, often it conveys meaning that was not intended by the communicator."	"People have turned to social media for their news, which had seen their news feeds respond with very similar points of view. It has skewed public discourse into group thinking. People don't question, the news story."
The filtering algorithms of some social media sites alienate some users. It also leads to a false presumption that certain points of view are representative of the majority when they are not.	Design of Social Media is to capture the time and brain and keep them involved without letting them away . It could influence the psychology of masses
"Because we connect to people we like, and by default are likely to share our own views, social media becomes an echo chamber, so we are only ever exposed to our own point of view"	"It is stressful, reduces productivity creativity adding to it costs money and it going to start costing much more as sites find new ways to monetize. This is not real"
"Social media normalises undesirable behaviour. It easier for terrorists, pedophiles, traffickers to organise and also says ""what you are doing is ok."" This does long term harm to society and outweighs the good."	"Social media turns life into a popularity contest. For example, a writer with a larger following is more likely to get a book contract than a writer with a smaller following."
Need to have you alert hat ON for all the fake news that inhabits the space	Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children
"Social Media is an artificial connection between people as information is ""pushed out"" without any filtering."	Social media is uncontrolled network which can give fame or shame to anyone without acknowledging the facts.
Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.	"Social media is designed to trigger dopamine responses, forming an addiction. This addiction distorts reality and encourages one to seek out feedback that reinforces that addiction."
Social media created a platform to connect virtually but people losing human side of life.	"Social Media is one of the root causes for why our young people today are so stressed, overwhelmed and anxious."
"In the social media, people tend to write something which they would never mentioned in person, occasionally resulting in the lack of sensitiveness."	"Social media use can cause personality and brain disorders, ADHD and self-centered personalities, particularly in youth."
Biased and false news tend to create saturated and influenced views of the topic. This is an unhealthy trend in public discourse.	Social media spreads news that is not real - this provides people incorrect information and leads to decisions being made on bad data.
"Social media creates a false sense of having less fun and fewer friends. Furthermore, Social Media companies were found to be deleting peoples comments, so it's not even the people's words."	"I mean its fine to have lots of opportunity in life ,but if we depend our life on social media , I am afraid one day we are going to lose our loved ones mentally."
The average person does not understand the scope of social media and how easily they can be manipulated.	"Child suicide rates are increasing at rapid pace, largely influenced by negative effects of social media"
Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message	"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"
"People mostly tend to depict the best of their lives on social media. The result is people seeing an idealized picture of everyone else's life and feeling theirs are inadequate, which causes psychological harms."	"The unsupported hyperbole ridden statements which exists on social media can create unwarranted and in many cases harmful and unnecessary outcry. This can cost jobs, and livelihoods."
The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.	What has always amazed me is how many people feel free to send mean-spirited messages to people they don't know on Twitter.
"Social media has detached us from society physically. The quintessential ""letter writing"" has become a lost art as every action that we do is available near real-time on social media."	"The problem is forced participation without consent. I am not on Facebook, but since I appear is others' pictures, a company I have not subscribed to is collecting my data and using it to their benefit."
Social Media is susceptible to hypocricy. You cannot really change the nature of people. Diplomacy and Tact could change the amount of truth in a message	"Social media is completely un-regulated and they are recklessly sharing our data to their vendors, partners, suppliers and customers. Not acceptable!"
Social media were designed to help people to stay connected. Their abuse ultimately drives people away.	Social media platforms are driven by commercial profit motives resulting in developments which drive addictive behaviours in users
Social media has created a new form of engagement for child predators.	Social media provides another avenue to bullying for kids
"Though social media brings people closer, it is causing too much of anxiety, noise and unwanted information overload, ultimately negating and over-weighing the positive effects it brings"	The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.
The speed and reach of social media brings the risk of uncontrolled propagation of unverified information	Social media use is associated with personality and brain disorders.
"Social media poses a unique threat to our children. Parents love posting pictures to get likes but don't realize that there are predators online who use those pictures in other, more dangerous and illegal, forums."	"It infringes privacy in ways unseen before especially with unscrupulous corporate zeal to capture personal data. Also, it brings productivity levels down in both personal and workplace spaces."
Social media do not allow accountability of who is disseminating fake news	Social media feeds the egos of people letting them share only the best aspects of their lives.
"Social media has become a substantial source of information for news around the world, however sources for that news are neither vetted nor verified, leading to the proliferation of 'fake news'"	"Social Media enhances the following vices in Human Beings and hence cannot be considered good. Kama - Lust,Krodha - Anger,Lobha - Greed,Moha - Delusory attachment, Ahankar - False Ego or Arrogance, Irshya - Envy"
Social media tends to displace meaningful in-person relationships with distant and uninvolved interactions that give the surface impression of fulfilling social needs but in actuality do not.	"Due to unprotected data and lack of security regulation, social media brings more harm than good to all - not just to those who participate."
Most of the population update their day to day activities. Social media encourages to share as much data possible which can be used against you	"The pace imposed by social media, in terms of intervals between content submission may be detremental to quality, and lead to more shallow content"
"Social media can be addictive, causing unsafe behaviours like checking phones while driving"	Social media has created a generation that compares themselves to others leading to unhappiness with who you really are
"Considering on being anonymous on the social media, through fake profiles, people feel empowered to bully and do harm things to others. This can be dangerous for young teens and children"	Social Media makes people sicker. The ads make them think they need medicine and doctors but what they really need is a connection to the natural world - to be immersed in nature.
"Social media causes people to write things on the spur of the moment, and not necessarily think the thought out. This causes later regrets, especially since what is out there never goes away."	"Social Media makes people dumber. Real intelligence can only come, by interacting and fully understanding the natural world. When people engage in social media, they are removing themselves from the natural world, becoming dumber and dumber."
"Social media requires no fact checking or validation for posting, it is pure opinion. As such, it is subjective and creates a well-spring of noise versus objective insight"	"Since one is behind a PC, interaction is distant. People tend to be insincere &amp; exaggerate comments. I have yet to meet a person whom when Face to face, exaggerates on those topics."
"Causes weight gain interacting with the screen instead of F2F, like walking to the neighbor, driving to meet someone, or walking up the stairs to someone in the same house or office."	"Social media executives have not been held responsible for their role in the elections. They allowed a foreign government to manipulate the election results, were untruthful, and still have not developed controls to stop it."
The speed and reach of social media brings the risk of uncontrolled propagation of unverified information	On social media - reality is intermingled with falsehood and the potential to discern between them is limited especially for gullible consumers
Social media can ruin people reputation in a few clicks even if the allegations appear to be fake in the long run.	"Social media creates distractions from real-world relationships. Online interactions and friendships can be valuable, but people should have in-person conversations and local friends, too."
Young people tend to be very affected when they are bashed in social media. This has led to numerous suicide cases.	Fake accounts on social media is encouraging participants in social media to hide behind anonymity
Children and young adults are struggling in school because of the overuse of social media on smartphones which is taking away from their focus in the classroom	"Social media takes away from enjoying the moment, because you feel that if you do not capture the moment with a picture, and post it to social media, you lost the moment."
"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"	The internet allows for people to misrepresent themselves in the same way it allows for misinformation. Proof is in all the OLD pics people post as current representations of themselves.
"The average user assumes only innocent use of the submissions. Over time, authoritarian regimes might leverage it for very bad reasons. Submissions are forever, and submitters are perpetually exposed. Think Stalin/Hitler"	"The anonymity afforded by social media leads some people (e.g. trolls) to feel emboldened to say hurtful things that they would not say face-to-face. As such, it can be considered to do harm."
Social media has a tendency in this mobile world to create distracted drivers.	Social media algorithms reinforce our biases and therefore support fake news and misinformation.
Social media tool make people addicted to fictional relationships instead of real ones	Social media is a means for anonymous bullying with no consequences.
"It is stressful, reduces productivity creativity adding to it costs money and it going to start costing much more as sites find new ways to monetize. This is not real"	Social media does more harm than good because it creates a sense of anonymity among users and because the platforms are politicized for personal agendas
"Due to unprotected data and lack of security regulation, social media brings more harm than good to all - not just to those who participate."	Tool to make promise and belief and masses fall prey to it . For a commoner it serves as a bane.
Social media is bad. We don't like it.	Social media has made it easy for criminals to organise and coordinate their illegal activities.
"Never before in the history of mankind have those so ignorant of the value of time, been misled by those so wasteful of time."	People live different life on social media. This impersonation sometimes connects them to the darkest ant the meanest people who again are impersonating to be their PALs
Personal and family privacy is at risk by sharing information.	Social media facilitates cyber bullying and identity theft.
"Social media gives users the sense of being anonymous or, at the very least, reduces social inhibitions, leading to bullying, trolling and the like."	"Social media intrudes into the house, meaning that bullying can extend from the classroom into the bedroom. This is leading to mental health issues in young people."
Social media is a means for anonymous bullying with no consequences.	Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them
"The view of the world, as portrayed on social media, is far away from reality."	Social media has just turned into another marketing channel. I avoid all the ads where possible.
"Cyber bullying, Terrorism, fake news, violence instigated by false rumors"	Social media removes the need for real interpersonal communication.
"It gives ~advantageous / level-playing field to bad-actors (criminals, propaganda, non-constructive / abusive intents)"	The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.
"Hate posts, inappropriate content, over indulgence to likes, etc. affects health and well being."	"Social Media is one of the root causes for why our young people today are so stressed, overwhelmed and anxious."
"Social media is a very effective vector for the spread of false information, deceptive practices, and lies."	"It is a ""judgemental"" space, which means that people judge you for your ideas, instead of understanding your PoV."
"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."	"Social media use can cause personality and brain disorders, ADHD and self-centered personalities, particularly in youth."
"I've heard that kids are getting bullied on social media sites, which is terrible."	Social Media can be a time-waster and distract us from other things that need our attention.
Social media facilitates cyber bullying and identity theft.	Sometimes information on Social media is biassed which might mislead people.
The addictive nature of social media makes us have our cell phones during sleep time. This affects our Circadian Rythms.	"Fake news can cause misleading information, which results in the world misjudging the situation."
"Social media creates an environment where people are becoming less comfortable interacting with others in real life. This is harming our social abilities and in the end, people feel more lonely."	"Almost all students in the digital age recognize that their device steals hours of sleep and study. Studies shown that these technologies are addictive and whose abuse them experience problems of concentration, behavior and school failure."
"Social media intrudes into the house, meaning that bullying can extend from the classroom into the bedroom. This is leading to mental health issues in young people."	None of the social media have so for proven that can provide confidence to end users to protect their individual interest and personal data. this is a serious issue need to be addressed.
Social media gives extremists a place where they can express their hateful ideas without being contested. that's because of the artificial bubble social media creates in which people see only what they want to see	Social media is harm because many people use social media with no rights level of digital ethics. The same analogy could be said if people use knife with no ethics.
Social media creates a virtual ecosystem which fools the human mind of social interactions via social platforms. which its actually not - nowhere near.	"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."
"Social media is a vivid example of technological progress gone wrong. It paves way to increased consumerism, vanity, and self-obsession, not to mention new harmful phenomena such as cyber-bullying"	People tend to post just happy moments and sometimes they force situations to present an unreal life just to be accepted by others and to be remembered in a positive way by the audience.
"Social media makes every interaction a flat experience, as all styling of content is defined by the platform and each sentence spoken causes a monotonous expression of thoughts."	"Social media are an ideal platform for spreading fake news and to influence people's behaviour. Even well-informed people can be influenced by such news, not to mention other people."
"Authors portray themselves at their best, readers compare this to themselves at their worst, leading to unjustified feelings of inadequacy."	Social media takes precious time from people's lives. Time could be better spent focused on children and family vs reading social media.
"Social media provides opportunities for comparison with other people like never before. Comparison with others from psychological perspective can cause anxiety, stress and even depression. ""Comparison is death of joy"""	Social media overall does not portray realistic versions of people's lives and blurs the lines between what is real human emotion experience and what is not. This creates pressure and confusion for users
"The media is filled with information that is not verified and can be misleading, which caused wrong reaction from audience."	Social media is increasingly making it difficult to find the real from fake. All we remember is what is put up 'there'.
Its an easy way to manipulate and steal peoples information	decrease amount of physical interaction and activity between people
What has always amazed me is how many people feel free to send mean-spirited messages to people they don't know on Twitter.	"I see people in public places, they are glued to the mobile phones busy with social platforms forgetting the nearby people who are physically standing next to them."
"Social media can endanger our military, journalists and activists."	Social media can cause false news to be spread widely and very quickly possibly causing panic
Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.	"Social media is like today's Sirens, beckoning us to smash ourselves against the rocks."
Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.	Social media exposes individuals flaws unbeknown to them
Social Media is being used as a manipulation tool to benefit the interests of a small group of people at the expense of the majority.	"Social media is information power which can be abused if not used with judgement, and Cognitive capabilities can help qualify author, relevance to personal content to help build careers, communities and innovation."
"Greedy irresponsible companies intentionally engineer apps to employ psychological techniques that manipulate end user behavior for the sole benefit of the companies , completely disregarding end user well-being ."	"Social media poses a unique threat to our children. Parents love posting pictures to get likes but don't realize that there are predators online who use those pictures in other, more dangerous and illegal, forums."
For people suffering from anxiety or depression viewing others apparently happy life on social media might make their condition worse.	Yes. If there are no filters and controls then it certainly does more harm than good.
Social media companies have done a poor job ensuring information on their platforms are accurate. This has given bad actors the ability to manipulate peoples perceptions on key political issues.	Design of Social Media is to capture the time and brain and keep them involved without letting them away . It could influence the psychology of masses
Often Social media keeps on giving content of the nature we have seen or sharing. slowly it makes people knowledge and thought process unidimensional . People don't get to analyze both side of a story.	"Unregulated social media platforms (non-COPPA complaint); as of today, can be easily used for targeted harassment - leading to acute depression, anxiety for the young citizens/users. Such platforms are doing more harm than often realized."
there are no civility rules in social media.	"Social media makes people withdraw from real, tangible social events."
"Social media brings more controversies. It makes our youngsters involve themselves more in internet than their usual routine.Social media increases the level of anxiety like what others do, post and how people react to their post."	"I mean its fine to have lots of opportunity in life ,but if we depend our life on social media , I am afraid one day we are going to lose our loved ones mentally."
"Social media assumes every opinion has value. I would assert that some opinions should carry more value or no value depending on the source. Unfortunately, many social users are not able to accurately assess these values."	Social media (SM) is not able to convey emotions and feelings in right manner which otherwise would have been possible if we do it personally. Relationships built on social media are not lasting long .
"People on social media tend to be less satisfied with their lives than those who aren't constantly comparing themselves to the ""best moments"" of everyone else."	"Because of social media people tend to stay in the comfort zone of their filter bubbles, so they end up isolated from diverse opinions"
Spending too much time on social media can lead to poor sleep.	"Social media enables particularly vicious cyber-bullying, especially among teenagers."
"Social Media brings more harm... although there are benefits from the social connections they foster and form, there are significant issues around loss of societal productivity, creating too much data, and concerns around personal data privacy."	Social media gives extremists a place where they can express their hateful ideas without being contested. that's because of the artificial bubble social media creates in which people see only what they want to see
Social Media enables generation of fake news since there is no validation of authenticity of content	I reduced using Social Media by 50% and my mental state of happiness improved by 95%
Social media expose people's privacy making them easier targets for marketing campaign or even worse phishing attacks.	Social media reduces the willingness to communicate face to face
Social media encourages jealousy and makes bullying easier for children	Teen's and children's brains have not matured enough to separate hurtful from harmful
Social media makes it easier to propagate violence and offensive content.	Shit storms can create hostility even if there is nothing to it. Facts are not checked
Social media increases social division through intentional promotion of the most provocative and sensationalized material.	Social media use is associated with personality and brain disorders.
Social media provides a platform for bullying which can be more pernicious than traditional bullying because of the scope of visibility and participation.	Spreading misleading information is the biggest concern. Anybody can post any random pictures that may be even edited to a certain kind and that can lead to severe violence.
racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism	Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.
"Social media promotes edgy and sensational content so people would engage with it, therefore creating political divides and tensions"	"Social media is addicting, taking away from your actual real life relationships that are much more meaningful in the long term."
"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"	"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."
"The social media reader rellay on information that hasn’t been checked of it true, and make decisions base on it"	Social media can be used to spread fake news or gossip to sway public opinion unfairly for example against a political contestor.
The information spreaded is social media is rarely verified. Great part of the information shared via social media is misleading or simply false. People can’t tell what is true- fake news media.	"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."
you can get private information about people and than use it for wrong reasons and crimes.	People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it
Social media has been a major tool for both recruitment and propaganda for terrorist organizations in the past decade.	Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.
Social media brings more harm than good because it makes many people anxious and contributes to depression and poor mental health.	Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.
Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.	Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them
"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."	"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
"social media led to the rise of cyber bullying, by allowing the bullies to hide behind a keyboard, never facing consequences or seeing the victim's pain"	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."
"Since most people only like posts that they agree with and have friends with similar opinions, social media creats a bubble and people arent exposed to opposing opinions and often become more extreme"	Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.
"People use social media most of the time because they are board, which make us crave stimuli all time- as a result out ability to focus for long time decreases"	"The need to always present our best selfs to the world through selfies, pictures of trip highlights and more caused us to be more self involved and narcissistic."
Social media users are more vulnerable to security breaches like hacking and viruses.	Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.
Social media has led to the increased perception of failure in comparison to the accomplishments of everyone around them. This had increased instances of depression and low self-esteem in particularly young people.	Social media makes it harder to create new relationships. It gives you a false feeling of community even though you are alone. You scroll through facebook instead of talking to the people around them
Future employers may check the social media of potential workers coming for an interview and can create an unfair bias towards them.	"Social media is closely related to the rise of ad related big data, and so to a sharp decline in privacy."
people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.	"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."
"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"	"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."
Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.	Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.
"Social media makes bullying much more offensive and harmful to kids and teenagers, since it follows them everywhere and all the time. There is nowhere to hide."	"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to compare their lives to others and feel covetous and inadequate.	Social media brings more harm than good because it is a powerful tool for governments and companies to mold public opinion.
"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"	Anonymous online communities via social media have allowed for hate groups and other socially abhorrent communities to become more easily accessible and widespread.
People who use social media may be mislead by rumors or misinformation that can negatively affect their life such as in the case of quackery or health advice given by people with no credentials.	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
"Social media creates huge data-bases, harming the privacy of the users."	children exposed to pedophile and to sexual harassment. every pedophile can connect directly with them.
Social media constantly barrages users with politics and other social issues which causes and contributes to anxiety and stress.	People make superficial connections on social media instead of deep ones outside of it
The information spreaded is social media is rarely verified. Great part of the information shared via social media is misleading or simply false. People can’t tell what is true- fake news media.	When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life
"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."	Studies have shown that social media can be mentally addicting and activates the same reward pathways that drinking or other bad addictive behaviors stimulate.
racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism	Social Media has led to the perpetuation of false information that has led to a public that is more misinformed than ever before.
"Even though social media can by fun sometimes, it was design to be addictive as possible, which cause us to waste our limited life on unimportant things"	Social media collects and monetizes individual's information which allows corporations and the government to spy on people and do whatever they want with their private data.
Social media stimulates obsessive behavior with regards to relationships - if you break up with someone social media makes it easier to stay obsessed over them due to the accessibility of their profiles.	"Since most people only like posts that they agree with and have friends with similar opinions, social media creats a bubble and people arent exposed to opposing opinions and often become more extreme"
children exposed to pedophile and to sexual harassment. every pedophile can connect directly with them.	"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."
"Social media replaces human contact, many prefer to talk ln char rather than meet, this means that many people do not develop the proper human and social skills"	Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.
"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."	Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.
"Social media leads to people becoming used to short and simple messages, thus making it harder and less likely for them to reed more profound articles, and that leads to less informed citizens."	"In order to attract more views, newspapers publish on their page in social media a link to an article, but with a misleading headline. People who don't read the article may get wrong information."
Social media makes people care more about the number of 'likes' they have than their real relationships.	"Social media contributes to the proliferation of misleading information such as ""fake news""."
"People using social media are far more likely to develop the fear of missing out, feeling bad about themselves because they are not experiencing everything the world has to offer"	"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"
"Social media makes public discourse much more violent and offensive, since people often allow themselves to use such language over such media, while they would never use it in oral communication."	"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."
"Social media leads to political echo chambers, resulting in poor political discourse and divisive politics"	Social media decreases individual productivity by providing a constant distraction that prevents people from focusing.
Social media is an unchecked enabler for various media of harassment such as stalking and cyberbullying.	Social media facilitates predatory behavior since people can make fake profiles and use them to stalk and endanger others.
Social Media has led to the creation and propagation of echo chambers which have led to more diversionary political and social lives. This has bled into real life interactions which harm social relationships.	"social media allowed extremists to band together and get the feeling that if there are more of them, then their opinion isn't as radical as they thought (KKK, Neo-Nazis, alt-right, etc..)"
"social media led to the rise of fake news, by allowing the highest bidder to flood your feed, regardless of fact checking"	"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."
Social media brings more harm than good because it has led to the spread of fake news and misinformation that would have been screened out by barriers to publication in past decades.	"Social media makes us depressed. People mostly upload pictures of them smiling and having fun. It gives you the feeling that something is wrong with you when you are sad, which only makes it worse."
Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.	"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."
"social media lead to the rise of FOMO culture where everyone else appear to be having more fun than me, and I'm never satisfied with my life"	"Social media helps the spread of fake news. The algorithms prioritize sensational stories that cause emotional response form people, which are usually the inaccurate and false ones."
Social media brings more harm than good because encourages young people to spend more time looking at screens and less time together in person.	"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."
"Social media brings more harm than good because it frankly brings almost no good to the world, so any amount of harm would outweigh the good."	"The ""news"" published on social media is not being edited or fact-checked, thus allowing for the spread of fake news undermining the democratic debate process and exchange of ideas."
When using social media we mainly see the happy moment on other people life- which can cause us to feel bad when compre it to our on life	"The need to always present our best selfs to the world through selfies, pictures of trip highlights and more caused us to be more self involved and narcissistic."
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	"Social media is connecting huge amount of people to every sinhle person, making it so each ""friend"" is relatively detached and almost completely mitigate any form of benefit from connecting new people."
Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.	people exposed to shaming. its easier to condemn and crusade people even if they do nothing wrong.
Social media brings more harm than good because it encourages people to share their personal details with large companies and governments who don't have their interests at heart.	"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"
Social media can be used as a platform for radical group to recruit people such as Isis.	Social media contributes to political polarization since people create echo chambers of connections with similar political preferences and beliefs.
"The value of privacy in matters such as my sexual preferences is lowered significantly, and people feel the need to share everything about their life"	"Social media is addicting, taking away from your actual real life relationships that are much more meaningful in the long term."
"Social media gives technology companies access to vast amounts of our personal data which they can sell to advertisers, infringing on our privacy."	Social media led to extremists gaining more power and appearing more in the mainstream so illegitimate opinions are more common
Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.	"Social media makes bullying much worse and more common, because it is so easy to spread rumors and other derogatory material on other people."
"Social media is detached, and so is creating many cases of bullying, especially among teens."	"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"
"Social media brings more harm than good because creates echo chambers for bad ideas to spread, like the anti-vaccination movement."	"Social media mostly shows the positive parts of others' lives, therefore making people feel miserable about their own lives"
"Social media promotes extremism, since it gets more likes and shares. It enlarges every conflicts and creates very negative discussion that later affect real life issues."	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
"Social media idealizes the idea that the individual is the most important thing, since it puts the subjective experience in the center- this creates an uncaring society"	"On Social media, the popular people are usually the more good looking ones. If someone doesn't get a lot of 'likes', he may feel bad about himself."
"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."	Social Media is designed to be an addictive form of interface that lowers inter-personal interactions in the real-world which has influenced the declining trend of real-life connections and feelings of isolation.
Social media can be used to spread fake news or gossip to sway public opinion unfairly for example against a political contestor.	Social media brings more harm than good because it draws huge amounts of investment that could be better spent on basically anything else.
Social media makes it harder for people to concentrate. The constant stream of notifications and messages condition us to react instantly and not focus on a specific task or idea.	"People who express their opinion on social media are usually the loudest and more extreme, so any attempt to understand what the poeple want by a politician is doomed to be wrong and disruptive"
Radicalized people's opinions and creates more backlash and a worse discourse	Social media make people live a life in wich real human contact is scarce.
"Small groups with extreme opinions can bond to share their opinions on social media, thus making it seem as if is a ""popular"" opinion, not only spreading fear but also getting others to join."	"Social media makes fake news spread faster and reach huge audiences, since fake news are often more sensational and provocative than real news , hurting public discourse and the democratic process."
"Social media makes people feel connected to others without them having real life interactions, making their relationships less meaningful."	Social media contributes to insomnia and other poor sleeping patterns by providing constant stimulation and blue light exposure.
"Social media way of connecting people assure that contact is minimal, hance making it so people rarely get to actually know each over in network, instead coming to see everyone as sort of a bland."	"Echo chamber - posts you see are based on your likes and friends so you'll mostly see opinions that agree with you, reinforcing your prejudices and reducing the chance that people will change their minds"
"People looking for social connections look online due to its ease, keeping them from finding people around them to connect with. They then miss out on the physical contact and facial expressions inherent in person"	Social media harms real life human relationships in which it creates a reality where people do not need to interact in real life and thus vital social skills are neglected.
Social media brings more harm than good because it is a powerful tool for governments and companies to mold public opinion.	racism can rises up easily with social media. every person can exposed in an easy way to racism
"In social media you only see what people you ""liked"" or ""friended"" posted, creating echo-chambers of similar minded people and ideas, leading to more extremism and division in society."	"Social media disproportionally promotes fake news, or at least a somewhat false version of the actual news. Trustworthy media gets less exposure, and people are affected by the lies they encounter through social media."
"Social media has an incentive to create echo chambers, that diminish our ability to have fruitful and positive political and social discussions on important issues"	Social media has made the spread of fake news and political misinformation rapid and has lead to a less informed public and less qualified lawmakers overall.
"Social media leads to political echo chambers, resulting in poor political discourse and divisive politics"	"easier to execute terror with social media, like you can see in Israel."
