"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech. "	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."	"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.
More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable  	"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"
people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.  
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them. "	Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.
"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives "	The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.
Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.	"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."
Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.	Social media makes it hard for regimes to hide information from their civilians. Social media is another platform for people to criticize the government.
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of. 
the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way	Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life.  "
it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer	"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer.  "
"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you. "	"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."
"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."	A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.
Social media makes it hard for regimes to hide information from their civilians. Social media is another platform for people to criticize the government.	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet. 
"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"	"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."
"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."	"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life.  "
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them. "	Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.
"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"	"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace. "	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.
"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."	"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually
"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,  "	Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.
"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population. "	"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"
"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
Social media facilitates discourse by allowing individuals from different backgrounds to discuss the same material. 	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."	Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.
it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer	"Most people arent subscribed to a newspaper or watch the news on a regular basis, social media is often the only way they are exposed to news stories, this means we get more informed citizens."
People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue. 	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship. "	Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.
"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech. "	Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion. "
Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually	"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction. "
"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship. "	"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."
"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"	Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other. 	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.	"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings. "
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace. "
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject. "
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings. "	Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them. "	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet. 
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation. 
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."	Social media makes it hard for regimes to hide information from their civilians. Social media is another platform for people to criticize the government.
Social media allows companies to cater products and advertising to better cater peoples needs.	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."	"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"
Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).	"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."
"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"	A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.
Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.	Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.
Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.	Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.
Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."	"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."
Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."
"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."	"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."
"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"	Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.
Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."	"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"
"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"	"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."	Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.
"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."	"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."
Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."	"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."
Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.	Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.
"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.	"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."	"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."
the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way	Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.
Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually	"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"
Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.	Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.
Social media makes it hard for regimes to hide information from their civilians. Social media is another platform for people to criticize the government.	"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."
Sociologists and psychologists can utilize social media to perform experiments and learn about behavior and inherent human nature.	people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.
"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."	Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.
"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."	"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."	"People more informed: Social Media lead to constant information. Also, people are more likely to read news because articles pop up in feed, so they are more likely to be drawn to read them."
"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."	The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.
"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian
"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."
Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."
Social media makes it hard for regimes to hide information from their civilians. Social media is another platform for people to criticize the government.	Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.
"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	Social media allows for the opportunity for more people to connect globally which allows for a deeper cultural exchange that can increase empathy and understanding.
"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"	"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"
"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	Social media communication services create an infrastructure for organizing protests against aggressive governments.
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."
"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."	"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."
the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.	Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"
Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.	"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.
Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.	"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"
Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.	"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"
The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.	"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.
Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.	"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"
People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.	"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."
Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.	Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."	Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."
Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want	Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it facilitates communication in repressive countries, as we saw from Twitter's use in planning the Arab Spring."	The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."	it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable
Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want	Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"	"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."
"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"	Social media makes it hard for regimes to hide information from their civilians. Social media is another platform for people to criticize the government.
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."
Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."	"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"
Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network	"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"
Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.	Social media allows companies to cater products and advertising to better cater peoples needs.
"Democracy is based on the ability of people to hear and evaluate different views and opinions about the world. before social media people where exposed only to small amount of opinions, backed by news organizations."	it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer
"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."	"its corroborate connections between friends and families - you can see their during the day experiences, and than talk with them about this or do it with them also"
"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."	"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."
Sociologists and psychologists can utilize social media to perform experiments and learn about behavior and inherent human nature.	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.	Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.
"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
"its corroborate connections between friends and families - you can see their during the day experiences, and than talk with them about this or do it with them also"	"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."
"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."	"People more informed: Social Media lead to constant information. Also, people are more likely to read news because articles pop up in feed, so they are more likely to be drawn to read them."
"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."	"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."
"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."	"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."
"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"	Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually
"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually	Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.
Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.	"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"
"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.	Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.
it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer	Social media allows the average person to present our creative endeavors and accomplishments to the world which allows us self expression and a sense of recognition on a scale like never before.
Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.	Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.
Social media allows the average person to present our creative endeavors and accomplishments to the world which allows us self expression and a sense of recognition on a scale like never before.	"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."
People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.	"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
Social media communication services create an infrastructure for organizing protests against aggressive governments.	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."	Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable
Social media gives a platform for people to gather together under a common cause that can lead to societal change.	Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.
Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.	Social media allows companies to cater products and advertising to better cater peoples needs.
"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	"its corroborate connections between friends and families - you can see their during the day experiences, and than talk with them about this or do it with them also"
"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."
Social media allows people to out fascists or violent individuals who are potential dangers to their communities.	"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	Social media allows companies to cater products and advertising to better cater peoples needs.
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."
Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	Social media allows companies to cater products and advertising to better cater peoples needs.
"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."	Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."	"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"
Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.	"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.
people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.	Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.
Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.	Social media allows the average person to present our creative endeavors and accomplishments to the world which allows us self expression and a sense of recognition on a scale like never before.
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.
"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."	"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."	"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."
"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."	"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."
Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.	Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.
Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."	Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.
"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."	Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.
Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually	"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"
"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."	"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."	Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.
Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.	Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."	Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).
Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.	"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."	"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."
"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."
"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.	Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	"Social media brings more good than harm because it facilitates communication in repressive countries, as we saw from Twitter's use in planning the Arab Spring."
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	"its corroborate connections between friends and families - you can see their during the day experiences, and than talk with them about this or do it with them also"
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"Democracy is based on the ability of people to hear and evaluate different views and opinions about the world. before social media people where exposed only to small amount of opinions, backed by news organizations."
Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.	Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."
Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."	"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."
Social media gives a platform for people to gather together under a common cause that can lead to societal change.	"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.
The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
it creats more workplaces worldwide - and making less people unemployed	Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media
Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media	Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want
Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.	Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want
Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).	"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"
"Most people arent subscribed to a newspaper or watch the news on a regular basis, social media is often the only way they are exposed to news stories, this means we get more informed citizens."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."
Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening
"Social media allows us to remain in contact with people with whom we've lost touch, and still be engaged with their lives, even when they are far away"	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	Social media managers are a new profession created by social media which increases the amount of money going into our society.
"Social media shows you thing to aspire to that you won’t think of otherwise. Going to trips, trying for new jobs, changing your attitude and more."	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"	Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.
Social media lets you stay in touch with friends over a better and more capable platform than texting.	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."	"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"
Social media has facilitated revolution in certain fascist states by making the airing of grievances easier.	Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.
"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."
"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"	People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.
"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."	"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"
Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.	Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.
"Social media allows us to remain in contact with people with whom we've lost touch, and still be engaged with their lives, even when they are far away"	"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."
Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"
social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian	"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."
"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."	Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.
"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.
"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."	"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."
Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.	it creats more workplaces worldwide - and making less people unemployed
Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.	Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.
Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually	"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."
Social media managers are a new profession created by social media which increases the amount of money going into our society.	Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."	"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	"people tend to share personal experiences via social media- this way, people from certain groups are more aware of what other groups feel and think about different things- which ultimately makes them more sensitive."
"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."	"Social media is a place for new journalist / publicists to start finding an audience, thus helping in creating a freer market of ideas."
social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian	"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."
"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."	Social media can help people who don't find friends in their close community connect to people from other places with similar interests.
Social networks help connect between people and reduces loneliness	Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."
"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"	Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.
Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.	"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"	"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."
Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.	"Social media shows you thing to aspire to that you won’t think of otherwise. Going to trips, trying for new jobs, changing your attitude and more."
Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.	Social networks help connect between people and reduces loneliness
"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."	Social media provides an easy way for people to spread targeted messaging - for example if a particular item is getting recalled social media can find the relevant parties faster.
"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.
Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.	Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.
"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"	Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.
people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.	Social media lets you stay in touch with friends over a better and more capable platform than texting.
"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."	Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.
"Social media allows us to find real friends, regardless of geographical proximity"	Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.
Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.	"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."
Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).	"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"
"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."	Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).
"Social media helps small businesses to advertise themselves more cheaply and more directly to potential clients, benefiting both businesses and consumers."	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.
"Social media helps small businesses and entrepreneurs reach their target audience and, through expansion, creating more jobs"	Social media can help people who don't find friends in their close community connect to people from other places with similar interests.
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.	Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.
"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"	"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."
"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."	"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."
Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"	"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"
The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.	"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."
"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."	"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."	"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"
people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.	"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."
"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."	"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."
Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.	"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."
"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."
Social media provides an avenue for crowd-funding for charity or a personal cause that can reach a wider audience much faster.	"Social media connects people otherwise might not have met. thanks to social media we see new romantic, employment etc. opportunities. for many people."
Social media can help people who don't find friends in their close community connect to people from other places with similar interests.	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.	Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.
"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"	"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."
Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.	"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."
"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."	"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"
"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"	"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"
The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.	Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually
"Social media allows individuals an escape from oppressive communities, and find a safe space for them to express themselves"	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable
"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"	"Social media connects people otherwise might not have met. thanks to social media we see new romantic, employment etc. opportunities. for many people."
Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.	Social media has facilitated revolution in certain fascist states by making the airing of grievances easier.
Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.	Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."
"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.	Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.
"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"	Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.
"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."	Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening
Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.	Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.
"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."	Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."	Social media provides an easy way for people to spread targeted messaging - for example if a particular item is getting recalled social media can find the relevant parties faster.
Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."	Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best
Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.	"Social media helps small businesses and entrepreneurs reach their target audience and, through expansion, creating more jobs"
Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.	Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.
"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"	Social media allows for the opportunity for more people to connect globally which allows for a deeper cultural exchange that can increase empathy and understanding.
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."
Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.	"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it facilitates communication in repressive countries, as we saw from Twitter's use in planning the Arab Spring."
"Social media allows individuals an escape from oppressive communities, and find a safe space for them to express themselves"	"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."	"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"
Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening	Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.
"Most people arent subscribed to a newspaper or watch the news on a regular basis, social media is often the only way they are exposed to news stories, this means we get more informed citizens."	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."
More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."	"Social media helps small businesses to advertise themselves more cheaply and more directly to potential clients, benefiting both businesses and consumers."
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."
"Social media allows us to find real friends, regardless of geographical proximity"	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"	"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."
"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."	Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.
Social networks help people discover what interests them and develop new ideas which create more pluralism	A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.
More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable	Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.
Social media provides an easy way for people to spread targeted messaging - for example if a particular item is getting recalled social media can find the relevant parties faster.	it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer
"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
"Social media is a place for new journalist / publicists to start finding an audience, thus helping in creating a freer market of ideas."	"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."
Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.	Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.
"Social media connects people otherwise might not have met. thanks to social media we see new romantic, employment etc. opportunities. for many people."	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
Social media allows for the opportunity for more people to connect globally which allows for a deeper cultural exchange that can increase empathy and understanding.	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."	"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."
Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.	"Social media is an effective mechanism by which social movements can gain attention - for example, it often enables the spread of messages or awareness about protest movements in other countries."
Social media gives a platform for people to gather together under a common cause that can lead to societal change.	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
Social media help dosing dying relationships by updating people about their friends significant moments and instigating chats between them.	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.
Social networks help people discover what interests them and develop new ideas which create more pluralism	"Social media allows us to find real friends, regardless of geographical proximity"
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."	"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."	Social media lets you stay in touch with friends over a better and more capable platform than texting.
"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."	"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."
Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.	Social networks help inform people about current events and keep people more informed
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	Social media lets you stay in touch with friends over a better and more capable platform than texting.
Social media gives a platform for people to gather together under a common cause that can lead to societal change.	"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."
Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best	More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable
Social media facilitates discourse by allowing individuals from different backgrounds to discuss the same material.	Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime
Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.	"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."
"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"	Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening
Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.	"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."
"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."	Social media gives a platform for people to gather together under a common cause that can lead to societal change.
Social media allows for the opportunity for more people to connect globally which allows for a deeper cultural exchange that can increase empathy and understanding.	"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."	Social media help connecting physically far people together as well as helping them keep in touch by pushing their thoughts and events to each over.
Social media help connecting physically far people together as well as helping them keep in touch by pushing their thoughts and events to each over.	Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.
"Social media is an effective mechanism by which social movements can gain attention - for example, it often enables the spread of messages or awareness about protest movements in other countries."	"its corroborate connections between friends and families - you can see their during the day experiences, and than talk with them about this or do it with them also"
"Social media is a place for new journalist / publicists to start finding an audience, thus helping in creating a freer market of ideas."	Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.
"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."	"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"
Social media allows the average person to present our creative endeavors and accomplishments to the world which allows us self expression and a sense of recognition on a scale like never before.	"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."
"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"	"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."
Social networks help inform people about current events and keep people more informed	Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want
"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."	"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"
"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"	Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.
"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."	"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."
"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"	Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it makes the marketplace of ideas much larger and allows more competition between ideas, which will lead to better ideas winning out."	social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian
New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms	Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.
"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."	"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."
I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.	Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.
You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.	Social media provides an easy way for everyone to express their true views.
A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.	Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.
"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"	Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.
Social media helps us to find or learn about literally anything.	Social media allows people from around the world to connect
Social media allows people to stay in touch with those who are far away and maintain meaningful relationships with others than in the past would have been lost.	The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.
Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.	"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."
It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.	The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.
Social media has provided platform to common people to voice their opinion on various subjects which otherwise was left to regulated agencies like press etc	Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.
Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.	"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."
"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."	Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.
Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues	Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives
"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."	Social Media provides access to research materials instantly as opposed to significant labour intensive data gathering
Social media is an excellent tool and enriches the lives of billions.	social media are leading to a more accountable society.
"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."	A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.
"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."	Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.
Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world	"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."
"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.	Appropriate use of Social Media enables you to reach out and promote yourself or your brand itself. It must be used in the correct right direction.
Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.	Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations
Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics	Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives
social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard	"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."
Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.	"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."
Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.	one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends
Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way	Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.
social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did	Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.
"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."	Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.
"Social media has opened up a different world and has brought economic, social and cultural benefits to the world. Openness and transparency have increased as a result of social media"	The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.
"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."	Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted
"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."	"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"
"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."	"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."
Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
"Today's society media is making people happy by connecting people anytime, anywhere"	You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.
Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have	Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience
It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.	"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"
Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.	Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods
Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.	"At times of Natural Disasters like floods, earth quakes etc. Social media provides a channel that can be used to help track humans in need of help."
Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.	It is a powerful tool to voice one's opinion and bring to forefront what you think requires attention.
Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics	Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart
"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."	Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.
"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."	"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."
Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.	"At times of Natural Disasters like floods, earth quakes etc. Social media provides a channel that can be used to help track humans in need of help."
"Social media has connected more people than ever before and that is always a good thing. When people are connected and share, more good than bad happens."	"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."
"Social media empower people, enhancing their ability to communicate one with another. Some people may abuse this ability, but generally it brings much more good than harm."	Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.
"Social media has opened up a different world and has brought economic, social and cultural benefits to the world. Openness and transparency have increased as a result of social media"	Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.
"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."	We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.
Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections	Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.
Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.	Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.
Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.	Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all
Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.	"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."
"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."	"You can find people all around the globe and connect to them, even if you have lost contact to them long time ago."
Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them	"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."
ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media	Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.
"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."	Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.
Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.	"Social media empower people, enhancing their ability to communicate one with another. Some people may abuse this ability, but generally it brings much more good than harm."
"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."	"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."
one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends	Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.
I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.	"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."
Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.	"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."
Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.	"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."
A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.	Targeted advertising based on social media analytics can provide opportunities for users to satisfy their current needs and interests.
Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes	social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart
"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."	"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."
Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.	Social Media connecting people on the whole world.
Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.	"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."
"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."	"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."
"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."	"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."
Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.	"Best way to remain connected to your family, friends and all near and dear ones."
"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"	"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."
Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.	Best way of advertising whether it's a movie or any product . It's specially helpful for those who cannot afford costly advertisement through other media platform.
"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."	"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."
Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.	"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"
Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way	Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds
Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace	Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.
"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"	"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."
"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."	Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.
Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections	"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."
"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"	Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.
Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.	"Thanks to social media, in the time of natural disaster, it has become a handy tool. It has made people to get connected easily. Social movements like Nirbhaya became more effective thanks to Social Media."
"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."	"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"
"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."	I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.
Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world	Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds
A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.	Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.
It is a powerful tool to voice one's opinion and bring to forefront what you think requires attention.	"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."
Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.	"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."
Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.	"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"
Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn	Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.
social media are leading to a more accountable society.	Social Media gives business platform to interact with their customers faster.
Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.	Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."
one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends	Social media provides great scope for innovation where it is easy to collaborate and brainstorm on different ideas.
Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.	Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.
Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world	"Social media provides an opportunity for everybody's voice to be heard, irrespective of their background, race, gender or religion."
Social media gives everyone a voice and right to express their opinion on an equal setting	social media are leading to a more accountable society.
The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.	Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations
Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume	Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.
Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations	Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.
Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.	Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.
Dog fail videos are hilarious and boost the spirits of people who watch them. Laughter is the best medicine.	Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.
Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.	Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.
"Social media fosters community engagement, giving a platform to people who might otherwise not have the ability."	social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas
Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.	Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.
"Social media fosters community engagement, giving a platform to people who might otherwise not have the ability."	Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.
Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?	"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."
Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.	It is a powerful tool to voice one's opinion and bring to forefront what you think requires attention.
"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."	It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.
"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."	There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.
Social media enables the ability to build community outside the constraints of physical location.	social media are leading to a more accountable society.
The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.	Social media allows you to keep in touch with friends and family over long distances.
"Social media is a great way to connect with distant friends and family, sharing photos and stories with people they cannot regularly connect with."	Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections
"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."	social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas
"Social media provides an opportunity for everybody's voice to be heard, irrespective of their background, race, gender or religion."	"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."
"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."	"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."
"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"	"You can find people all around the globe and connect to them, even if you have lost contact to them long time ago."
"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."	Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.
Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world	Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others
Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.	Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.
"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."	"Social media provides an opportunity for everybody's voice to be heard, irrespective of their background, race, gender or religion."
Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.	Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.
"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."	"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace
New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms	social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard
Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way	"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."
Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.	With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.
"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."	Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them
Social Media is good as you know the status of how your friends are doing and what going on in their lives	"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."
It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.	Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.
Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume	With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.
"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"	Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have
"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."	It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.
"Social media provides an opportunity for everybody's voice to be heard, irrespective of their background, race, gender or religion."	one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends
social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard	Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all
There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.	"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"
"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."	"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."
Social media helps us to find or learn about literally anything.	"If one understand their accountability and responsibility of their own activities, it reaps benefits."
The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.	Targeted advertising based on social media analytics can provide opportunities for users to satisfy their current needs and interests.
It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.	It is a powerful tool to voice one's opinion and bring to forefront what you think requires attention.
Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.	Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help
The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.	Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.
"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."	Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.
social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard	Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help
"Social media is a very effective tool for mobilizing disorganized individuals into various forms of protest, either online or on the streets. This gives significantly more power to citizens and improves democracy and accountability."	"Social media empower people, enhancing their ability to communicate one with another. Some people may abuse this ability, but generally it brings much more good than harm."
"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."	People can see more details about you and can judge positively
"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"	"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."
Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.	"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."
"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."	Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.
"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."	"Social media has connected more people than ever before and that is always a good thing. When people are connected and share, more good than bad happens."
Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.	Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.
"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."	"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."
Social media ia great. We all like it.	Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.
Social Media is good as you know the status of how your friends are doing and what going on in their lives	Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.
Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.	Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way
"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."	Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace
Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes	"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."
Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.	"Social media is the world in a platform. People love to talk,opine share,appreciate each other since time immemorial. Social media brings them closer, form groups, stay connected and enjoy togetherness in all inclusive manner."
Social Media allows us to easily connect with loved ones.	Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.
Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.	"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."
"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"	Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.
Social media has provided platform to common people to voice their opinion on various subjects which otherwise was left to regulated agencies like press etc	"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."
social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas	"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"
"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."	Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience
"Provides a platform for all kinds of connections to occur. These kinds of platforms have brought families, various groups and other common denominations together that would not have been possible."	Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.
Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.	"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."
Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.	"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."
"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."	We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.
social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace	Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way
Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted	Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.
Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way	Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others
"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."	"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"
Social Media is good as you know the status of how your friends are doing and what going on in their lives	Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight
Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?	Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.
Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have	Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.
Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?	"Social media allows anyone with internet access to have a voice. Not everyone can speak on TV or write for a newspaper, but social media allows multitudes to post their thoughts and ideas."
Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives	"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."
"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."	Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.
"You can find people all around the globe and connect to them, even if you have lost contact to them long time ago."	Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.
"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."	"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."
social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard	Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.
Social media provides an easy way for everyone to express their true views.	"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."
People can see more details about you and can judge positively	New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms
"Social media allows anyone with internet access to have a voice. Not everyone can speak on TV or write for a newspaper, but social media allows multitudes to post their thoughts and ideas."	"Social media is a very effective tool for mobilizing disorganized individuals into various forms of protest, either online or on the streets. This gives significantly more power to citizens and improves democracy and accountability."
"Social media is a very effective tool for mobilizing disorganized individuals into various forms of protest, either online or on the streets. This gives significantly more power to citizens and improves democracy and accountability."	"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."
Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.	Social Media provides access to research materials instantly as opposed to significant labour intensive data gathering
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	Communication is a breeze with social media. What would take forever to disseminate takes exponentially less time to get across the globe.
Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds	"Social media is a great way to connect with distant friends and family, sharing photos and stories with people they cannot regularly connect with."
Many of us are too shy to engage in public discussions. Social media allows us to be part of debates by allowing us to carefully choose our words and hone our explanations before we express them.	Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?
Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."	"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"
Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted	Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.
"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."	With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.
Social media allows people to follow their idols and their whereabouts.	"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."
"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."	"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"
The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.	People can see more details about you and can judge positively
The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.	Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.
The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.	"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"
People can see more details about you and can judge positively	Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.
Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted	Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them
Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.	Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.
"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."	Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.
"Social media fosters community engagement, giving a platform to people who might otherwise not have the ability."	Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.
"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"	Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics
Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.	We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.
"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."	Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.
Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.	"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."
social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas	"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"
Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume	"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."
Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.	"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."
"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."	"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."
Social media provides an easy way for everyone to express their true views.	Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help
Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.	Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.
Social Media allows us to easily connect with loved ones.	Social media provides an easy way for everyone to express their true views.
Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.	Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.
The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.	"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"
Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.	Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.
Social Media allows us to easily connect with loved ones.	social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace
Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.	"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."
"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."	SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.
social media opened up new options to advertise our business	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all	Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.
"You can find people all around the globe and connect to them, even if you have lost contact to them long time ago."	"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."
"Thanks to social media, in the time of natural disaster, it has become a handy tool. It has made people to get connected easily. Social movements like Nirbhaya became more effective thanks to Social Media."	"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."
Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues	Social media helps people connect across physical limitations
Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations	"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."
"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."	Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."
Social media allows the common people around the world to have access to new experiences otherwise reserved only for those who could travel abroad.	A low bar of entry makes it easy to share information to a large group of audience.
"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."	Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way
Social media is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.	Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections
Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help	social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace
"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."	"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."
Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues	Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart
Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.	Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.
"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."	Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight
Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace	Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have
SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.	Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.
Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.	SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.
Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.	social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did
"Social media is a great way to connect with distant friends and family, sharing photos and stories with people they cannot regularly connect with."	Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted
Social media provides an easy way for everyone to express their true views.	Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.
Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.	Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn
Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.	Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.
"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."	"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"
"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."	"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."
Social media helps people connect across physical limitations	It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.
"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."	Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.
"Thanks to social media, in the time of natural disaster, it has become a handy tool. It has made people to get connected easily. Social movements like Nirbhaya became more effective thanks to Social Media."	"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."
"Best way to remain connected to your family, friends and all near and dear ones."	People can see more details about you and can judge positively
A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.	"Thanks to social media, in the time of natural disaster, it has become a handy tool. It has made people to get connected easily. Social movements like Nirbhaya became more effective thanks to Social Media."
Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn	Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics
"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."	Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.
Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.	Social media allows you to keep in touch with friends and family over long distances.
Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.	Social Media is good as you know the status of how your friends are doing and what going on in their lives
Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.	Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.
social media opened up new options to advertise our business	"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	"Social media is the world in a platform. People love to talk,opine share,appreciate each other since time immemorial. Social media brings them closer, form groups, stay connected and enjoy togetherness in all inclusive manner."
"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"	Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.
Professional social media sites allow people the opportunity to make connections with others in their industry to share ideas and employment opportunities.	Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods
Social media is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.	Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others
"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"	"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"
Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.	Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted
Social media allows you to keep in touch with friends and family over long distances.	A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.
"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."	"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."
"Social media is a great way to connect with distant friends and family, sharing photos and stories with people they cannot regularly connect with."	Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted
"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."	A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.
Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.	Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all
Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.	Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.
Anything that connects people together cant be bad	social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart
The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.	"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."
"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."	"Social media empower people, enhancing their ability to communicate one with another. Some people may abuse this ability, but generally it brings much more good than harm."
"Social media has connected more people than ever before and that is always a good thing. When people are connected and share, more good than bad happens."	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
Information spread is faster than traditional way and it is less regulated.	"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."
Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others	"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."
"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."	Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.
Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.	"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."
A low bar of entry makes it easy to share information to a large group of audience.	We can get more information from world wide because of social media than before which gives us much opportunity to widen our thoughts.
"Social media is the world in a platform. People love to talk,opine share,appreciate each other since time immemorial. Social media brings them closer, form groups, stay connected and enjoy togetherness in all inclusive manner."	Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.
social media are leading to a more accountable society.	Social media helps us to find or learn about literally anything.
It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.	social media opened up new options to advertise our business
Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.	"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."
"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."	Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds
Social Media gives business platform to interact with their customers faster.	Social media ia great. We all like it.
Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods	Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.
Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight	social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart
Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience	Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world
"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."	Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.
Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.	"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"
"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"	"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."
"Best way to remain connected to your family, friends and all near and dear ones."	Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.
"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."	Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace
Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way	Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way
"Thanks to social media, in the time of natural disaster, it has become a handy tool. It has made people to get connected easily. Social movements like Nirbhaya became more effective thanks to Social Media."	"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"
"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."	A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.
Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.	I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.
New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms	Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations
social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas	"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."
Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections	"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."
Social Media allows us to easily connect with loved ones.	social media opened up new options to advertise our business
"Social media empower people, enhancing their ability to communicate one with another. Some people may abuse this ability, but generally it brings much more good than harm."	"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."
Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted	"Social media has connected more people than ever before and that is always a good thing. When people are connected and share, more good than bad happens."
Targeted advertising based on social media analytics can provide opportunities for users to satisfy their current needs and interests.	Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.
Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.	Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight
Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
Social Media provides access to research materials instantly as opposed to significant labour intensive data gathering	Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.
"Social media has connected more people than ever before and that is always a good thing. When people are connected and share, more good than bad happens."	"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."
"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"	ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media
Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.	"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."
Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?	Social media has provided platform to common people to voice their opinion on various subjects which otherwise was left to regulated agencies like press etc
"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."	Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.
"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."	"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."
Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted	Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.
Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives	Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.
Appropriate use of Social Media enables you to reach out and promote yourself or your brand itself. It must be used in the correct right direction.	Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.
Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.	Targeted advertising based on social media analytics can provide opportunities for users to satisfy their current needs and interests.
Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.	Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds
Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.	"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."
"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"	Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.
"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."	There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.
"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."	"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."
Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.	Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.
"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."	Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart
There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.	"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."
"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."	Social media allows people from around the world to connect
Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.	Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.
"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."	Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.
social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did	Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.
"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."	Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.
Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Social media allows people from around the world to connect	Social media ia great. We all like it.
"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"	"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."
"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."	"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."
Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.	"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."
Social media ia great. We all like it.	Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes
Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.	"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."
"Social media fosters community engagement, giving a platform to people who might otherwise not have the ability."	Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way
"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."	Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.
social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace	"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."
Social media allows people from around the world to connect	one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends
We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.	"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."
It is a powerful tool to voice one's opinion and bring to forefront what you think requires attention.	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.	Social Media provides access to research materials instantly as opposed to significant labour intensive data gathering
We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.	"Social media is the world in a platform. People love to talk,opine share,appreciate each other since time immemorial. Social media brings them closer, form groups, stay connected and enjoy togetherness in all inclusive manner."
"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."	Social media allows the common people around the world to have access to new experiences otherwise reserved only for those who could travel abroad.
Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.	Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.
Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume	Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.
Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.	"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"
"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."	"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."
Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?	Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn
Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.	"Today's society media is making people happy by connecting people anytime, anywhere"
"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"	Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.
Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?	Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.
Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.	"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."
Social media allows you to keep in touch with friends and family over long distances.	Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.
"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"	It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.
Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.	Social media ia great. We all like it.
With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.	"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."
Social media has provided platform to common people to voice their opinion on various subjects which otherwise was left to regulated agencies like press etc	"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"
ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media	Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.
Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world	New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms
"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."	Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.
"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."	Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?
Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight	Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience
"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."	social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart
"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."	"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."
"Today's society media is making people happy by connecting people anytime, anywhere"	Social media allows people to follow their idols and their whereabouts.
"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"	Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.
The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.	I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.
There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.	Social media has provided platform to common people to voice their opinion on various subjects which otherwise was left to regulated agencies like press etc
Social media allows you to keep in touch with friends and family over long distances.	Social Media connecting people on the whole world.
Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.	Targeted advertising based on social media analytics can provide opportunities for users to satisfy their current needs and interests.
"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."	"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."
"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."	Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?
Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.	social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did
"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"	social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart
Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.	Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.
Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help	Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others
Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.	"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."
"Social media is a very effective tool for mobilizing disorganized individuals into various forms of protest, either online or on the streets. This gives significantly more power to citizens and improves democracy and accountability."	Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.
It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.	With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.
Social media helps people connect across physical limitations	Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics
Social Media connecting people on the whole world.	Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.
Social Media is good as you know the status of how your friends are doing and what going on in their lives	The harms of social-media will generally pale before the benefits because unwanted communication is so easy to block.
Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.	"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."
Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.	Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.
social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace	"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."
ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media	"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."
"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."	"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"
Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.	"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."
"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."	"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."
Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.	Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.
"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."	Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.
Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods	Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.
"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."	Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted
Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.	"Social media is a very effective tool for mobilizing disorganized individuals into various forms of protest, either online or on the streets. This gives significantly more power to citizens and improves democracy and accountability."
We can get more information from world wide because of social media than before which gives us much opportunity to widen our thoughts.	Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.
Many of us are too shy to engage in public discussions. Social media allows us to be part of debates by allowing us to carefully choose our words and hone our explanations before we express them.	"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."
Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.	Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.
"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."	Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them
Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.	Social Media connecting people on the whole world.
"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."	Many of us are too shy to engage in public discussions. Social media allows us to be part of debates by allowing us to carefully choose our words and hone our explanations before we express them.
"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."	"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."
SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.	Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.
"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"	Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues
"Social media is the new way to communicate with the world. It is not more harm than good, because Socia Media is the new future of the communication. In Internet doesn't exist the villages, only capitals."	"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."
ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media	Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.
"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."	Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all
Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.	You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.
Dog fail videos are hilarious and boost the spirits of people who watch them. Laughter is the best medicine.	SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.
"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."	The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.
"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."	Social media allows people from around the world to connect
Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?	"Social media is the world in a platform. People love to talk,opine share,appreciate each other since time immemorial. Social media brings them closer, form groups, stay connected and enjoy togetherness in all inclusive manner."
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	"At times of Natural Disasters like floods, earth quakes etc. Social media provides a channel that can be used to help track humans in need of help."
"twitter is good actually, check out the hell dude"	Social Media enables those who are less confident to better contribute to society
Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.	social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard
"Social media has opened up a different world and has brought economic, social and cultural benefits to the world. Openness and transparency have increased as a result of social media"	It is easy to show some information to people (and it is simple to select the target audience) then it is not needed to talk about the same thing more than once
Obtain relevant advertising based on social media searches and posts.	"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."
"Social media provides a venue, unlike no other, without many typical constraints people have thereby allowing for more frequent, open and honest opinion."	There are times when old acquaintances or distant relatives reconnect because they are both visible on a Social Media Platform. Sometimes these reconnections are meaningful.
Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.	"and had no idea about this city but thanks to facebook (pune(flat and flatmates), people guided my with the places i can dwell in"
"Social media enables us to keep in contact with friends and family, even if just seeing photos and life updates."	Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight
social media enables you to share your work more easily and this way you get more attention and recognition. There are a lot of music talents that came strait out of social media	Social media can be a boon in event of disasters. It has been during many disasters that effective usage of social media could save lives or spread rightinformation to right people
social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart	Obtain relevant advertising based on social media searches and posts.
Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods	Social Media allows people to be informed quickly and efficiently.
Social Media allows to connect people around the globe as easy as it can be.	social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did
Social Media allows to connect people around the globe as easy as it can be.	"Social Media allows families to remain connected whilst separated. Parents to understand their children, and friends to keep in touch."
Social Media helps connect people with the content that is most relevant to them.	"Communication via Social Media is cheaper and faster than traveling, or snail mail."
Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.	By Design Social media is good it is became broader but less engaging people
There are times when old acquaintances or distant relatives reconnect because they are both visible on a Social Media Platform. Sometimes these reconnections are meaningful.	"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"
Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.	"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."
"Social media assists the lonely in providing them ways, at least partially, of not being alone"	Easy to build communities with people with whom you share the same interests ie. work community or housing area community
"You want to showcase your talent just present it on social media platforms ,you can get a direction for your career path."	Communication is a breeze with social media. What would take forever to disseminate takes exponentially less time to get across the globe.
"With social media, we are no longer at the mercy of editors of mainstream media or enthusiastic censors."	Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.
"Social media allows for people to connect that otherwise would lose touch, and the more connected we are to the world, the more we care about it."	"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."
Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.	"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"
Social media provides a social cohesion if like-minded people find each other and take positive action together	social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did
Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.	Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.
A low bar of entry makes it easy to share information to a large group of audience.	"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."
It is a great way to keep up-to-date on family and friends.	Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.
"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."	social media enables you to share your work more easily and this way you get more attention and recognition. There are a lot of music talents that came strait out of social media
Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become my FAVORITE people to talk to.	"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"
"Social media allows us to see posts from our elected officials, this direct communication in theory allows the voter to see which candidate best represents their views."	Professional social media sites allow people the opportunity to make connections with others in their industry to share ideas and employment opportunities.
Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.	"Social media provides a venue, unlike no other, without many typical constraints people have thereby allowing for more frequent, open and honest opinion."
social media enables you to share your work more easily and this way you get more attention and recognition. There are a lot of music talents that came strait out of social media	"Social Media allows rapid access to information. Much faster than traditional media like print. For time sensitive information like natural disasters and accidents, this is especially important."
"You want to showcase your talent just present it on social media platforms ,you can get a direction for your career path."	Social media is connecting people all over the world and making information travel faster than ever before.
It is a great way to keep up-to-date on family and friends.	Social media allows the world to connect in ways never imaginable
"Families leave such separate lives in distant places that they often lose the feeling of family. Having social media available, lets families and friends reunite even though it is only superficially."	"Those who feel isolated or alone in their beliefs, lifestyle, physical distance, etc. can find others who share their values. People can find a supportive community where they may not have such support elsewhere."
Social media let you find information or people just with a click	Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help
Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way	Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.
"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"	"Social media is a very effective tool for mobilizing disorganized individuals into various forms of protest, either online or on the streets. This gives significantly more power to citizens and improves democracy and accountability."
"Social media allows for people to connect that otherwise would lose touch, and the more connected we are to the world, the more we care about it."	"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."
"Social media enables us to keep in contact with friends and family, even if just seeing photos and life updates."	You can have access to specialised information very easily thanks to what is shared by your contacts.
Social media helps to overcome people's loneliness. E.g.: Elder people...	Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience
"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."	"Thanks to social media, in the time of natural disaster, it has become a handy tool. It has made people to get connected easily. Social movements like Nirbhaya became more effective thanks to Social Media."
Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.	Social media allows for quick diffusion of public health and safety information during crisis events.
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	Social media helps people connect and keep in touch who otherwise would not have done so
I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.	Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.
"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."	"If one understand their accountability and responsibility of their own activities, it reaps benefits."
There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.	Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.
"Social media is a way for long-lost friends, classmates or family members to reconnect."	Social media allows people from around the world to connect
"Like it or not Social Media is part of living in 2018. Sure it has problems, yes it has advantages and my 2 cents is everything in moderation."	Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.
Social Media allows for convenient and less expensive cross border communication between separated families encouraging more closeness over distance	The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.
"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."	"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."
It is a good tool to bring friends and family together. Value is in identifying lost friends.	"Social media and related communication technologies allow people to keep in touch with friends and family across long distances, which generally strengthen friendship ties."
Social media is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.	Social Media created a platform to bring relatives closer and more connected.
"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."	Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.
You can find contacts with specific skills very easily.	Social media is great for sharing photographs with friends and family.
"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."	"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."
Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume	"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."
Social media is good because it provides us perspective around the world which we ourselves may sometime lack.	New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms
Social media reaches many user groups that would otherwise not have been addressed.	Social media helps family members stay in touch with one another.
It gives us an opportunity to connect with people who have not been keeping touch for a long time.	Sharing on social media can be a lot of fun for sharers and audience
"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."	Social media has reduced the cost of marketing for companies.
Sharing on social media can be a lot of fun for sharers and audience	"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."
"Social media allows anyone with internet access to have a voice. Not everyone can speak on TV or write for a newspaper, but social media allows multitudes to post their thoughts and ideas."	"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."
"Find long lost friends, and family with social media."	Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives
Social media helps reconnect with past friends. I was able to reconnect with a childhood best friend not seen in years shortly before he died. For that I am grateful.	"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."
"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."	Social media is connecting people all over the world and making information travel faster than ever before.
People can see more details about you and can judge positively	"twitter is good actually, check out the hell dude"
I am able to connect with far-away relatives lifes. Independent of time of day.	"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"
Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.	Social Media allows for convenient and less expensive cross border communication between separated families encouraging more closeness over distance
Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.	By Design Social media is good it is became broader but less engaging people
Social media helps to overcome people's loneliness. E.g.: Elder people...	Social platforms provide society the means to generate support for a genuine cause when the need arises.
Sharing on social media can be a lot of fun for sharers and audience	Social Media has a positive impact on marketing for clients. It is inexpensive and hits the masses.
Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.	"Social media is extremely useful in connecting people to each other and vital, potentially lifesaving information during an emergency."
"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."	"Social media provides a venue, unlike no other, without many typical constraints people have thereby allowing for more frequent, open and honest opinion."
It is a great way to keep up-to-date on family and friends.	Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.
social media opened up new options to advertise our business	"Best way to remain connected to your family, friends and all near and dear ones."
It is a good tool to bring friends and family together. Value is in identifying lost friends.	Social media allows people from around the world to connect
"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."	You can have access to specialised information very easily thanks to what is shared by your contacts.
"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"	Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.
"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."	Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.
"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"	Social media can help shy or closed in people reach out and establish electronic relationships with others.
Social media helps individuals build a public image	"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."
Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.	Social media has connected the world on a scale beyond any form of communication in the past.
"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."	Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become my FAVORITE people to talk to.
Social media helps people connect and keep in touch who otherwise would not have done so	Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.
You can have access to specialised information very easily thanks to what is shared by your contacts.	Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.
social media opened up new options to advertise our business	It helps people to know about happenings on the world without a bias from media
A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.	"Social media allows citizens to voice their opinions and rally around causes without requiring the old media, which is often controlled by specific interest groups."
Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world	social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace
Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world	Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have
Social media can be used to gain public support on issues that can influence better decision making	Social media makes it much easier to stay in touch with friends and family who are geographically separated.
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	Professional networking sites greatly assist companies to find personnel and job seekers to find work.
Dog fail videos are hilarious and boost the spirits of people who watch them. Laughter is the best medicine.	"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"
Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.	The harms of social-media will generally pale before the benefits because unwanted communication is so easy to block.
"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"	Social media can be a boon in event of disasters. It has been during many disasters that effective usage of social media could save lives or spread rightinformation to right people
Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart	Helps in knowing out the diffrerent issues over the globe
Social media allows me to find people with similar interests	Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.
Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace	Social media has lots of useful real time data &amp; information. If use wisely you can gain knowledge in short time.
A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.	Social media opens a new way of interacting with other people and removes bias
You can find contacts with specific skills very easily.	"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."
"Families leave such separate lives in distant places that they often lose the feeling of family. Having social media available, lets families and friends reunite even though it is only superficially."	Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.
It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.	People can connect to other people they know or who have similar interests
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.
Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience	Social media can help shy or closed in people reach out and establish electronic relationships with others.
It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.	Social media embrace the fact that information should be free to share and allow people to express themselves.
Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight	Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.
Social media helps people share about their lives and connect with others.	Social media helps to overcome people's loneliness. E.g.: Elder people...
There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.	"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"
Social media can help shy or closed in people reach out and establish electronic relationships with others.	"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."
it is yet another mean of contact with friends	Social media reduces loneliness of people who are socially isolated.
Social media is a reflection of the real world which brings good and bad. On the whole it brings the world closer together.	Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.
A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.	"Social media helps people get informed and connect, without the fuss of having to contact all of your friends and family every day or week."
"Social media makes the world flatter, connecting us with people, cultures and experiences we would have never encountered otherwise."	"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"
"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."	"Social media creates a platform to support freedom of speech, giving individuals a platform to voice their opinions and interact with like-minded individuals where they otherwise may not have had one."
It is easy to show some information to people (and it is simple to select the target audience) then it is not needed to talk about the same thing more than once	"Social media connects billions of people and has provided an extra tool for communication to family, friends and loved ones. By design, it is a mostly a tool for good not for nefarious purposes."
Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.	"Social media is a manifestation of human communication itself, and, given proper privacy rules may remain to be one accellorator of democracy."
Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.	It helps people to know about happenings on the world without a bias from media
Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn	Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds
"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."	"Though it may cause or enable vanity, social media connects families from all over the world and if it is used carefully, it can be a wonderful tool for communication."
Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.	Anything that connects people together cant be bad
Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.	Social media reaches many user groups that would otherwise not have been addressed.
Social media is a direct platform to interact with the end user who could be the person based on the need which makes the things happen so quickly compared to manual effort.	IT OPENS UP YOUR MIND TO PUBLIC/FRIENDS- WHICH REFRESH YOU PSYCHOLOGICALLY CHANGES THE NATURE OF A PERSON FOR HONESTY AND GOOD VALUES ONCE PEOPLE SUPPORT THE GOOD WORK.
Social media opens a new way of interacting with other people and removes bias	Social media has lots of useful real time data &amp; information. If use wisely you can gain knowledge in short time.
Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.	"The good far outweighs the negative. Social media is novel and evolving, which is scary. However, the benefits of linking people, business, and institutions together are enormous and are changing the world for the better."
Social media allows charitable organizations to show their work and stay connected with both those that support them and those who may be interested in supporting them.	"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."
Social media allows people to follow their idols and their whereabouts.	Social media provides great scope for innovation where it is easy to collaborate and brainstorm on different ideas.
Information spread is faster than traditional way and it is less regulated.	Social Media allows people to be informed quickly and efficiently.
Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others	"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."
Network with employees of other companies for mutual benefit.	"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"
Social media is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.	Social media has reduced the cost of marketing for companies.
Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.	"Social media enables interactivity with the mass media. For example, television is a one-way medium. Social media + television provides a feedback mechanism."
A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.	"Social media allows anyone with internet access to have a voice. Not everyone can speak on TV or write for a newspaper, but social media allows multitudes to post their thoughts and ideas."
Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.	Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted
Social media provides a platform for those who would never be heard otherwise to make their views known.	Social media has lots of useful real time data &amp; information. If use wisely you can gain knowledge in short time.
Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world	"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"
"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."	Professional social media sites allow people the opportunity to make connections with others in their industry to share ideas and employment opportunities.
Social media allows people to stay in touch with those who are far away and maintain meaningful relationships with others than in the past would have been lost.	"Though it may cause or enable vanity, social media connects families from all over the world and if it is used carefully, it can be a wonderful tool for communication."
"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"	"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."
Social Media allows you to see pictures of far away relatives quickly.	Social media allows the world to connect in ways never imaginable
By Design Social media is good it is became broader but less engaging people	"Social media enables us to keep in contact with friends and family, even if just seeing photos and life updates."
SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.	Social Media gives business platform to interact with their customers faster.
Social media is s sea full of opportunities for new creative professions also an interesting and flexible platform to express our views which empower us as well as keep us informed .	Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.
"Like it or not Social Media is part of living in 2018. Sure it has problems, yes it has advantages and my 2 cents is everything in moderation."	"Provides a platform for all kinds of connections to occur. These kinds of platforms have brought families, various groups and other common denominations together that would not have been possible."
"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."	Social media allows for information to be distributed quickly to a community you establish; the rate of speed allows for group assistance (looking to borrow something) and share breaking information (traffic jams); you control the community.
Anything that connects people together cant be bad	Social Media enables those who are less confident to better contribute to society
It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.	"Social media allows us to see posts from our elected officials, this direct communication in theory allows the voter to see which candidate best represents their views."
"Social media enhances a person's ability to locate and participate in groups of likeminded people for hobbies, religion, current events, politics and other human interests."	Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.
Social media can be a boon in event of disasters. It has been during many disasters that effective usage of social media could save lives or spread rightinformation to right people	"Social media is very helpful to keep in touch with people, which was otherwise very difficult. We are able to send messages to specific groups of people and interact with them easily."
Social Media allows you to see pictures of far away relatives quickly.	Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.
The only advantage of Social media is to express our thoughts at anytime. World has become small and you will be able to connect all leading people in the world.	Social Media can help inform people about the things that happen in the world. People spend the best part of their days in it and the majority of news they see were seen through social media
"An ability to locate common interest groups, local or otherwise. A quick way to catch up with friends, due to our busy lives."	"You want to showcase your talent just present it on social media platforms ,you can get a direction for your career path."
"You want to showcase your talent just present it on social media platforms ,you can get a direction for your career path."	Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn
"Social media connects billions of people and has provided an extra tool for communication to family, friends and loved ones. By design, it is a mostly a tool for good not for nefarious purposes."	"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."
Social Media connecting people on the whole world.	Social media allows you to find people with common interests.
"With social media, we are no longer at the mercy of editors of mainstream media or enthusiastic censors."	Social media can be fun and informative when used as such
Social platforms provide society the means to generate support for a genuine cause when the need arises.	The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.
Social media gives everyone a voice and right to express their opinion on an equal setting	Its a great platform to reach masses and make a larger impact in society
"Social media makes the world flatter, connecting us with people, cultures and experiences we would have never encountered otherwise."	"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"
Its a good way to make money reducing expenses	"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"
Social Media gives business platform to interact with their customers faster.	People can see more details about you and can judge positively
"Social media enhances a person's ability to locate and participate in groups of likeminded people for hobbies, religion, current events, politics and other human interests."	It is easy to show some information to people (and it is simple to select the target audience) then it is not needed to talk about the same thing more than once
"Social media can be a powerful tool for connection and social change. We are in an ""immature"" stage in it's use and as society matures in it's use the positive benefits will become more apparent."	IT OPENS UP YOUR MIND TO PUBLIC/FRIENDS- WHICH REFRESH YOU PSYCHOLOGICALLY CHANGES THE NATURE OF A PERSON FOR HONESTY AND GOOD VALUES ONCE PEOPLE SUPPORT THE GOOD WORK.
"and had no idea about this city but thanks to facebook (pune(flat and flatmates), people guided my with the places i can dwell in"	"Social media creates a platform to support freedom of speech, giving individuals a platform to voice their opinions and interact with like-minded individuals where they otherwise may not have had one."
Social media let you find information or people just with a click	"Social media is an incredible source of diverse opinions, creative ideas and authentic discourse."
Social media provides a platform for debate and truly open discussion.	Social Media can be engineered to control bureaucracy via citizen feedback
"Today's society media is making people happy by connecting people anytime, anywhere"	Professional networking sites greatly assist companies to find personnel and job seekers to find work.
"In our modern world, many of us are geographically separated from family and childhood friends. Social media helps us to remain in contact in a way that was not possible in the past."	"Social media connects billions of people and has provided an extra tool for communication to family, friends and loved ones. By design, it is a mostly a tool for good not for nefarious purposes."
The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.	Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.
Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.	Social media enables us to keep in touch with long lost friends and family
"Social media just like any other technology can be leveraged for the greater good of individuals or group of individuals. Ex. Bring like minded people together, sharing idea, inspiring each other etc."	A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.
We can stay connected and feel safer in this world wherever we are. Friends and Family are a text message away. Instant communication allows for more efficient use of our time and share in lifes moments	I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.
Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations	Its a good way to make money reducing expenses
"Social media has opened up a different world and has brought economic, social and cultural benefits to the world. Openness and transparency have increased as a result of social media"	Social good - Social media is a reflection of our society at large.. What you see in social media depicts the thoughts and norms of our current culture
Social media is a reflection of the real world which brings good and bad. On the whole it brings the world closer together.	"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."
Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.	"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."
"Though it may cause or enable vanity, social media connects families from all over the world and if it is used carefully, it can be a wonderful tool for communication."	The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.
Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.	"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."
Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have	It helps people to know about happenings on the world without a bias from media
Social media allows you find long-lost friends and family members.	Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others
Social media allows the common people around the world to have access to new experiences otherwise reserved only for those who could travel abroad.	"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."
"Social media is extremely useful in connecting people to each other and vital, potentially lifesaving information during an emergency."	"With social media, I connected with my friends, classmates, school mates and team mates. We share the opinions and discuss the topics our community focused."
The only advantage of Social media is to express our thoughts at anytime. World has become small and you will be able to connect all leading people in the world.	Social media is a reflection of the real world which brings good and bad. On the whole it brings the world closer together.
Social Media connecting people on the whole world.	social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart
I am able to connect with far-away relatives lifes. Independent of time of day.	"Social media makes the world flatter, connecting us with people, cultures and experiences we would have never encountered otherwise."
"Actually, It is about the ""content"" in the social media. As long as the social media serves as a good platform that accepts only good content then it its good."	"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."
"Social media allows us to see posts from our elected officials, this direct communication in theory allows the voter to see which candidate best represents their views."	Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.
Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.	Social media provides a platform to democratize society if used properly.
Social Media can be engineered to control bureaucracy via citizen feedback	Social media connects friends and relatives in different parts of the world.
Sharing on social media can be a lot of fun for sharers and audience	Social media enables the ability to build community outside the constraints of physical location.
Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted	"Social media makes the world flatter, connecting us with people, cultures and experiences we would have never encountered otherwise."
Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them	Simple and nice way to keep up to date and communicate with family members that are close in life but far away in geography.
"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"	"If used wisely, social media brings more good. The problem is about people not knowing how to use appropriately."
"With social media, I connected with my friends, classmates, school mates and team mates. We share the opinions and discuss the topics our community focused."	ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media
"Today's society media is making people happy by connecting people anytime, anywhere"	Information spread is faster than traditional way and it is less regulated.
Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations	I am able to connect with far-away relatives lifes. Independent of time of day.
In my opinion providing voice to common man/women to highlight their day to day issue to concerned authorities has been one of the biggest advantages of Social media.	"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."
"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."	"The good far outweighs the negative. Social media is novel and evolving, which is scary. However, the benefits of linking people, business, and institutions together are enormous and are changing the world for the better."
Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics	"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."
"Social media fosters community engagement, giving a platform to people who might otherwise not have the ability."	Social media embrace the fact that information should be free to share and allow people to express themselves.
"Social media helps people get informed and connect, without the fuss of having to contact all of your friends and family every day or week."	Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.
Social media is connecting people all over the world and making information travel faster than ever before.	Social Media can be engineered to control bureaucracy via citizen feedback
"If used wisely, social media brings more good. The problem is about people not knowing how to use appropriately."	"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."
Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.	Social media can be a boon in event of disasters. It has been during many disasters that effective usage of social media could save lives or spread rightinformation to right people
Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.	"Social media provides one of the best forums for reconnecting with long-lost friends and family and allows people to remain close, even across vast distances."
Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.	"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."
"Social media gives voice to every single human being, like never before."	Social media opens a new way of interacting with other people and removes bias
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."
Social media pushes formerly secretive organizations to be more transparent and accountable.	Social media reaches many user groups that would otherwise not have been addressed.
New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms	Social media allow for extended network and unrestricted communication across the globe
"Social media allows house-bound elderly people, and other immovable people, to pseudo-interact with others."	Social Media allows you to see pictures of far away relatives quickly.
"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."	"Social media just like any other technology can be leveraged for the greater good of individuals or group of individuals. Ex. Bring like minded people together, sharing idea, inspiring each other etc."
Social Media allows us to easily connect with loved ones.	Social Media provides access to research materials instantly as opposed to significant labour intensive data gathering
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	Social media allows charitable organizations to show their work and stay connected with both those that support them and those who may be interested in supporting them.
Social Media allows you to see pictures of far away relatives quickly.	Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues
We can get more information from world wide because of social media than before which gives us much opportunity to widen our thoughts.	"Social media enables interactivity with the mass media. For example, television is a one-way medium. Social media + television provides a feedback mechanism."
Social media saves postal and telecomms costs for example for birthday and christmas cards	"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."
Social media pushes formerly secretive organizations to be more transparent and accountable.	Social media cuts down on gas because people don't have to leave their house to interact.
Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Social media is great for sharing photographs with friends and family.	social media opened up new options to advertise our business
"Social media is simply enabling communication, which is always a good thing."	Social media helps me to engage with broader list of people then off-line media
"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."	Dog fail videos are hilarious and boost the spirits of people who watch them. Laughter is the best medicine.
"Social media creates a platform to support freedom of speech, giving individuals a platform to voice their opinions and interact with like-minded individuals where they otherwise may not have had one."	IT OPENS UP YOUR MIND TO PUBLIC/FRIENDS- WHICH REFRESH YOU PSYCHOLOGICALLY CHANGES THE NATURE OF A PERSON FOR HONESTY AND GOOD VALUES ONCE PEOPLE SUPPORT THE GOOD WORK.
"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."	"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."
Obtain relevant advertising based on social media searches and posts.	Social media helps people connect across physical limitations
"The good far outweighs the negative. Social media is novel and evolving, which is scary. However, the benefits of linking people, business, and institutions together are enormous and are changing the world for the better."	Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.
Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all	Social Media enables those who are less confident to better contribute to society
Social Media can help inform people about the things that happen in the world. People spend the best part of their days in it and the majority of news they see were seen through social media	"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."
"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."	Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.
Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.	Social Media often reflects the real life activities of real people
Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds	"An ability to locate common interest groups, local or otherwise. A quick way to catch up with friends, due to our busy lives."
"I would say social media has open a stream of opportunities , you can get career paths or you can get job updates."	"Social media assists the lonely in providing them ways, at least partially, of not being alone"
Social media allows you to find people with common interests.	The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.
"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."	Communication is a breeze with social media. What would take forever to disseminate takes exponentially less time to get across the globe.
Social media enables the ability to build community outside the constraints of physical location.	Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics
I witnessed Social media significant contributions to bring democracy and free speech to my beloved Tunisia when it was governed by dictators for way too long. Thus Social media brings more good than harm.	"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."
"Social networks make people closer regardless where people is from, breaking barriers among cultures and having better informed people being more conscious about what is happening around them."	"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."
"Social media provides one of the best forums for reconnecting with long-lost friends and family and allows people to remain close, even across vast distances."	Social media as a whole has been striving for inclusivity and many of us use one platform or another on a daily basis to get connected with our friends and family.
"Social media can be a very good source of information, business ideas as well as social relations. It is up to the user to believe/verify/reject any information."	Social media is s sea full of opportunities for new creative professions also an interesting and flexible platform to express our views which empower us as well as keep us informed .
Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight	"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."
A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.	"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."
Social media let you find information or people just with a click	Social media allows for quick diffusion of public health and safety information during crisis events.
Social media helps people connect and keep in touch who otherwise would not have done so	Information spread is faster than traditional way and it is less regulated.
"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."	Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.
"Social media makes the world flatter, connecting us with people, cultures and experiences we would have never encountered otherwise."	"Social media gives voice to every single human being, like never before."
Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.	"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."
Its a good way to make money reducing expenses	Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives
Social media is an excellent tool and enriches the lives of billions.	Social media ia great. We all like it.
"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."	It gives us an opportunity to connect with people who have not been keeping touch for a long time.
"Those who feel isolated or alone in their beliefs, lifestyle, physical distance, etc. can find others who share their values. People can find a supportive community where they may not have such support elsewhere."	Social media helps to spread what's good across the globe that all can leverage. It's up to us on how moderately we use. Anything at right size is good and so is social media.
Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all	Social media allows people to follow their idols and their whereabouts.
social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart	Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.
"Social media is a way for long-lost friends, classmates or family members to reconnect."	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Simple and nice way to keep up to date and communicate with family members that are close in life but far away in geography.	Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way
"Social media allows house-bound elderly people, and other immovable people, to pseudo-interact with others."	Social media helps people connect across physical limitations
"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"	Social media provides a platform for debate and truly open discussion.
Many of us are too shy to engage in public discussions. Social media allows us to be part of debates by allowing us to carefully choose our words and hone our explanations before we express them.	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
"Families leave such separate lives in distant places that they often lose the feeling of family. Having social media available, lets families and friends reunite even though it is only superficially."	Many of us are too shy to engage in public discussions. Social media allows us to be part of debates by allowing us to carefully choose our words and hone our explanations before we express them.
Social Media gives business platform to interact with their customers faster.	"Communication via Social Media is cheaper and faster than traveling, or snail mail."
Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience	It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.
Social media is great for sharing photographs with friends and family.	Social media helps me to engage with broader list of people then off-line media
Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way	Social media helps people share about their lives and connect with others.
Social Media has a positive impact on marketing for clients. It is inexpensive and hits the masses.	Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics
Social media embrace the fact that information should be free to share and allow people to express themselves.	"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."
"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."	Social media is an excellent tool and enriches the lives of billions.
Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.	"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."
It is a great enabler if used for its intended purpose. There are so many voices in our society and the world at large that would never have been heard from if not for social media.	Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.
Social media can help people better understand social stigmas such as anxiety and depression.	You can find contacts with specific skills very easily.
People can see more details about you and can judge positively	Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.
Social media reaches many user groups that would otherwise not have been addressed.	Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world
"I would say social media has open a stream of opportunities , you can get career paths or you can get job updates."	"An ability to locate common interest groups, local or otherwise. A quick way to catch up with friends, due to our busy lives."
Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives	The harms of social-media will generally pale before the benefits because unwanted communication is so easy to block.
"If used wisely, social media brings more good. The problem is about people not knowing how to use appropriately."	"Social media is a platform for speaking out against social injustice, oftentimes bearing witness to events in real-time. Platforms like Twitter galvanize large populations into action."
Many of us are too shy to engage in public discussions. Social media allows us to be part of debates by allowing us to carefully choose our words and hone our explanations before we express them.	Social media helps to spread what's good across the globe that all can leverage. It's up to us on how moderately we use. Anything at right size is good and so is social media.
Social media provides a social cohesion if like-minded people find each other and take positive action together	"Best way of timepass. You will get stuffs from all around the world starting from jokes, news, update on your friends."
"Actually, It is about the ""content"" in the social media. As long as the social media serves as a good platform that accepts only good content then it its good."	"Social media can be a good platform to launch and manage civil initiatives for the good of people, help local community members and provide easy access to information."
Social media allows for information to be distributed quickly to a community you establish; the rate of speed allows for group assistance (looking to borrow something) and share breaking information (traffic jams); you control the community.	Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.
"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."	Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.
Social media provides a platform for debate and truly open discussion.	Social media has allowed reconnection with long lost friends and relatives.
Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.	We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.
Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.	Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.
The only advantage of Social media is to express our thoughts at anytime. World has become small and you will be able to connect all leading people in the world.	"Those who feel isolated or alone in their beliefs, lifestyle, physical distance, etc. can find others who share their values. People can find a supportive community where they may not have such support elsewhere."
social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart	Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.
It is a good tool to bring friends and family together. Value is in identifying lost friends.	Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes
"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."	"Social media is a very effective tool for mobilizing disorganized individuals into various forms of protest, either online or on the streets. This gives significantly more power to citizens and improves democracy and accountability."
one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends	Social Media allows to connect people around the globe as easy as it can be.
Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.	"Though it may cause or enable vanity, social media connects families from all over the world and if it is used carefully, it can be a wonderful tool for communication."
Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.	"With social media, I connected with my friends, classmates, school mates and team mates. We share the opinions and discuss the topics our community focused."
Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have	Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way
"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."	In my opinion providing voice to common man/women to highlight their day to day issue to concerned authorities has been one of the biggest advantages of Social media.
Social good - Social media is a reflection of our society at large.. What you see in social media depicts the thoughts and norms of our current culture	"Social media allows for people to connect that otherwise would lose touch, and the more connected we are to the world, the more we care about it."
"Social media, if we choose to use it judiciously, offers tremendous opportunity to engage with family, friends and community at large across the world and express our views in an unprecedented manner."	"Those who feel isolated or alone in their beliefs, lifestyle, physical distance, etc. can find others who share their values. People can find a supportive community where they may not have such support elsewhere."
Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help	Information spread is faster than traditional way and it is less regulated.
"Social media enables interactivity with the mass media. For example, television is a one-way medium. Social media + television provides a feedback mechanism."	"Social media allows citizens to voice their opinions and rally around causes without requiring the old media, which is often controlled by specific interest groups."
Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?	Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.
Social media allows you to find people with common interests.	Obtain relevant advertising based on social media searches and posts.
"Social media enhances a person's ability to locate and participate in groups of likeminded people for hobbies, religion, current events, politics and other human interests."	Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted
"Social media can be a very good source of information, business ideas as well as social relations. It is up to the user to believe/verify/reject any information."	I shared a community service activity that I did on social media. People liked it and I know some even got inspired to do it as well. No better way to inspire people
Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.	Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become my FAVORITE people to talk to.
"Social media has made communication more efficient and simplified, connecting people from all over the world."	Social Media created a platform to bring relatives closer and more connected.
"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."	"and had no idea about this city but thanks to facebook (pune(flat and flatmates), people guided my with the places i can dwell in"
Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Social media reduces loneliness of people who are socially isolated.	Its a great platform to reach masses and make a larger impact in society
Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods	Social Media has helped saved many lives by immediately connecting with support systems and reaching out for timely help
Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.	Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?
"Social media keeps friends connected whether near of far, keeping relationships fresh."	Social Media enables those who are less confident to better contribute to society
"Social media is a manifestation of human communication itself, and, given proper privacy rules may remain to be one accellorator of democracy."	Social media provides a platform for those who would never be heard otherwise to make their views known.
Social media allows the common people around the world to have access to new experiences otherwise reserved only for those who could travel abroad.	Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?
Social media gives everyone a voice and right to express their opinion on an equal setting	"Communication via Social Media is cheaper and faster than traveling, or snail mail."
"If one understand their accountability and responsibility of their own activities, it reaps benefits."	Social media provides great scope for innovation where it is easy to collaborate and brainstorm on different ideas.
"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."	You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.
A low bar of entry makes it easy to share information to a large group of audience.	"Social media enables us to keep in contact with friends and family, even if just seeing photos and life updates."
"Social media assists the lonely in providing them ways, at least partially, of not being alone"	"Find long lost friends, and family with social media."
I shared a community service activity that I did on social media. People liked it and I know some even got inspired to do it as well. No better way to inspire people	Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.
"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."	"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."
Social media provides a platform for those who would never be heard otherwise to make their views known.	"Social media gives voice to every single human being, like never before."
Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.	"Provides a platform for all kinds of connections to occur. These kinds of platforms have brought families, various groups and other common denominations together that would not have been possible."
Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.	Social media allows people to follow their idols and their whereabouts.
Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become the ONLY people I want to talk to.	The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.
Social media has reduced the cost of marketing for companies.	Social Media has a positive impact on marketing for clients. It is inexpensive and hits the masses.
We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.	"Those who feel isolated or alone in their beliefs, lifestyle, physical distance, etc. can find others who share their values. People can find a supportive community where they may not have such support elsewhere."
"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."	"Social media allows anyone with internet access to have a voice. Not everyone can speak on TV or write for a newspaper, but social media allows multitudes to post their thoughts and ideas."
It gives us an opportunity to connect with people who have not been keeping touch for a long time.	Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics
Social media gives everyone a voice and right to express their opinion on an equal setting	SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.
"Social media is a manifestation of human communication itself, and, given proper privacy rules may remain to be one accellorator of democracy."	"Social Media allows rapid access to information. Much faster than traditional media like print. For time sensitive information like natural disasters and accidents, this is especially important."
It helps people to know about happenings on the world without a bias from media	Social media helps me to engage with broader list of people then off-line media
Social media is connecting people all over the world and making information travel faster than ever before.	Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.
Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have	Social media pushes formerly secretive organizations to be more transparent and accountable.
"Social media fosters community engagement, giving a platform to people who might otherwise not have the ability."	Social media has reduced the cost of marketing for companies.
"The internet gives millions of people access to information they would not otherwise have had, which is a huge benefit. Most people are not that easy to fool."	"Social media, when authentic (and, at times, even when filled with lies), brings the humanness in our humanity. It now serves science, policy-making and justice."
I have been able to connect with some friends from school whom I would have never found otherwise thanks to social media	Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.
"Social media allows people to connect with likeminded individuals from anywhere in the world. This gives people more fulfillment in their lives, and is especially important for minorities who suffer from varying degrees of oppression."	"No, I don't agree. With proper personal hygiene and regulatory frameworks in place, social media can help next generation, who will be technology oriented unlike past. Proper education is what matters most."
"Social media helps people get informed and connect, without the fuss of having to contact all of your friends and family every day or week."	"Social media is extremely useful in connecting people to each other and vital, potentially lifesaving information during an emergency."
"Social media has opened up a different world and has brought economic, social and cultural benefits to the world. Openness and transparency have increased as a result of social media"	Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?
Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.	With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.
You can have access to specialised information very easily thanks to what is shared by your contacts.	Social media helps people connect and keep in touch who otherwise would not have done so
Professional social media sites allow people the opportunity to make connections with others in their industry to share ideas and employment opportunities.	Social media embrace the fact that information should be free to share and allow people to express themselves.
Social Media allows us to easily connect with loved ones.	Social media distributes power from the few to the many.
The harms of social-media will generally pale before the benefits because unwanted communication is so easy to block.	"An ability to locate common interest groups, local or otherwise. A quick way to catch up with friends, due to our busy lives."
"Social media helps people get informed and connect, without the fuss of having to contact all of your friends and family every day or week."	Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections
Social media allows me to find people with similar interests	"Best way to remain connected to your family, friends and all near and dear ones."
Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.	"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."
Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted	We can get more information from world wide because of social media than before which gives us much opportunity to widen our thoughts.
"Social media is a manifestation of human communication itself, and, given proper privacy rules may remain to be one accellorator of democracy."	"Social media and related communication technologies allow people to keep in touch with friends and family across long distances, which generally strengthen friendship ties."
Social good - Social media is a reflection of our society at large.. What you see in social media depicts the thoughts and norms of our current culture	"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."
Social media helps people connect and keep in touch who otherwise would not have done so	Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world
social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did	Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives
Social Media can help inform people about the things that happen in the world. People spend the best part of their days in it and the majority of news they see were seen through social media	"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."
Social media has allowed reconnection with long lost friends and relatives.	Social media connects friends and relatives in different parts of the world.
Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.	Best way of advertising whether it's a movie or any product . It's specially helpful for those who cannot afford costly advertisement through other media platform.
"Social Media allows families to remain connected whilst separated. Parents to understand their children, and friends to keep in touch."	Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn
Social media cuts down on gas because people don't have to leave their house to interact.	Social Media allows you to see pictures of far away relatives quickly.
Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes	"Social media is a way for long-lost friends, classmates or family members to reconnect."
tweeter publish a lot of interesting news content that is exclusive.	Social media provides great scope for innovation where it is easy to collaborate and brainstorm on different ideas.
it is yet another mean of contact with friends	Social media gives everyone a voice and right to express their opinion on an equal setting
Social media allow for extended network and unrestricted communication across the globe	You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.
Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them	Social media is s sea full of opportunities for new creative professions also an interesting and flexible platform to express our views which empower us as well as keep us informed .
"Social media allows anyone with internet access to have a voice. Not everyone can speak on TV or write for a newspaper, but social media allows multitudes to post their thoughts and ideas."	"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."
Social media can be very comforting for the individual by strengthening social interactions.	"Communication via Social Media is cheaper and faster than traveling, or snail mail."
"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."	Social media has given more freedom for people to express themselves and sometimes express in a better way those words or meanings which couldn't be spoken directly or had the barriers of language/direct communication.
Social platforms provide society the means to generate support for a genuine cause when the need arises.	It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.
"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."	Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.
Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.	Social Media helps connect people with the content that is most relevant to them.
Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others	"Social media is an incredible source of diverse opinions, creative ideas and authentic discourse."
People can connect to other people they know or who have similar interests	Social media helps to overcome people's loneliness. E.g.: Elder people...
Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods	Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.
With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.	"Best way to remain connected to your family, friends and all near and dear ones."
"No, I don't agree. With proper personal hygiene and regulatory frameworks in place, social media can help next generation, who will be technology oriented unlike past. Proper education is what matters most."	"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."
Social media is a direct platform to interact with the end user who could be the person based on the need which makes the things happen so quickly compared to manual effort.	Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.
Social media provides a platform for those who would never be heard otherwise to make their views known.	By Design Social media is good it is became broader but less engaging people
"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."	Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become my FAVORITE people to talk to.
"Social Media allows families to remain connected whilst separated. Parents to understand their children, and friends to keep in touch."	"An ability to locate common interest groups, local or otherwise. A quick way to catch up with friends, due to our busy lives."
Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them	Easy to build communities with people with whom you share the same interests ie. work community or housing area community
social media are leading to a more accountable society.	Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all
"Find long lost friends, and family with social media."	"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."
"Social media enhances a person's ability to locate and participate in groups of likeminded people for hobbies, religion, current events, politics and other human interests."	Social good - Social media is a reflection of our society at large.. What you see in social media depicts the thoughts and norms of our current culture
Social media can be very comforting for the individual by strengthening social interactions.	Social Media often reflects the real life activities of real people
"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"	We can get more information from world wide because of social media than before which gives us much opportunity to widen our thoughts.
social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard	Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.
"Social media allows us to see posts from our elected officials, this direct communication in theory allows the voter to see which candidate best represents their views."	"Social media provides a venue, unlike no other, without many typical constraints people have thereby allowing for more frequent, open and honest opinion."
"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."	"Social Media allows rapid access to information. Much faster than traditional media like print. For time sensitive information like natural disasters and accidents, this is especially important."
Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience	"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."
"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"	Social Media can be engineered to control bureaucracy via citizen feedback
We can get more information from world wide because of social media than before which gives us much opportunity to widen our thoughts.	"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"
Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?	"Social media creates a platform to support freedom of speech, giving individuals a platform to voice their opinions and interact with like-minded individuals where they otherwise may not have had one."
Various natural calamities are reported first on social media and is used as an important tool is saving lives.	Social media saves postal and telecomms costs for example for birthday and christmas cards
"Social media is very helpful to keep in touch with people, which was otherwise very difficult. We are able to send messages to specific groups of people and interact with them easily."	"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."
Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.	Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become the ONLY people I want to talk to.
Anything that connects people together cant be bad	Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.
"Social media has connected more people than ever before and that is always a good thing. When people are connected and share, more good than bad happens."	Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.
Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.	social media opened up new options to advertise our business
Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes	Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations
Social media has enabled discovery of interests participants may not even have known they have	"Social media assists the lonely in providing them ways, at least partially, of not being alone"
Social media allows the world to connect in ways never imaginable	Social media helps people connect across physical limitations
Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn	The harms of social-media will generally pale before the benefits because unwanted communication is so easy to block.
"Families leave such separate lives in distant places that they often lose the feeling of family. Having social media available, lets families and friends reunite even though it is only superficially."	Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.
Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them	Best way of advertising whether it's a movie or any product . It's specially helpful for those who cannot afford costly advertisement through other media platform.
OPENS UP THE WORLD WITH NEWS/POLITICS/SPORTS/SCIENCE/PHOTOGRAPHY/ENTERTAINMENT/ TOURISM TO GENERAL PEOPLE.	social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard
Social media enables us to keep in touch with long lost friends and family	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Social media is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.	Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.
Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues	Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world
"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
Social media can be fun and informative when used as such	"Social media is an incredible source of diverse opinions, creative ideas and authentic discourse."
Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues	"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."
Social media allows charitable organizations to show their work and stay connected with both those that support them and those who may be interested in supporting them.	"Social media is very helpful to keep in touch with people, which was otherwise very difficult. We are able to send messages to specific groups of people and interact with them easily."
IT OPENS UP YOUR MIND TO PUBLIC/FRIENDS- WHICH REFRESH YOU PSYCHOLOGICALLY CHANGES THE NATURE OF A PERSON FOR HONESTY AND GOOD VALUES ONCE PEOPLE SUPPORT THE GOOD WORK.	"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."
Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds	Social media is a reflection of the real world which brings good and bad. On the whole it brings the world closer together.
"If one understand their accountability and responsibility of their own activities, it reaps benefits."	Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all
"Today's society media is making people happy by connecting people anytime, anywhere"	Helps in knowing out the diffrerent issues over the globe
Social good - Social media is a reflection of our society at large.. What you see in social media depicts the thoughts and norms of our current culture	"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"
Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.	Social media helps keep in contact with distant friends all over the world. Gives us a feeling of connection to people in different time zones and locations.
one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends	Social media provides a social cohesion if like-minded people find each other and take positive action together
"Social media gives voice to every single human being, like never before."	Social media can be used to gain public support on issues that can influence better decision making
tweeter publish a lot of interesting news content that is exclusive.	"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."
Social media has connected the world on a scale beyond any form of communication in the past.	Obtain relevant advertising based on social media searches and posts.
Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.	I have been able to connect with some friends from school whom I would have never found otherwise thanks to social media
A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.	Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace
"twitter is good actually, check out the hell dude"	Social Media often reflects the real life activities of real people
social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace	Professional networking sites greatly assist companies to find personnel and job seekers to find work.
"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."	"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."
Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted	Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.
Best way of advertising whether it's a movie or any product . It's specially helpful for those who cannot afford costly advertisement through other media platform.	"Social media is a platform for speaking out against social injustice, oftentimes bearing witness to events in real-time. Platforms like Twitter galvanize large populations into action."
Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds	"Social media and related communication technologies allow people to keep in touch with friends and family across long distances, which generally strengthen friendship ties."
"With social media, I connected with my friends, classmates, school mates and team mates. We share the opinions and discuss the topics our community focused."	Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.
"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."	"Social media just like any other technology can be leveraged for the greater good of individuals or group of individuals. Ex. Bring like minded people together, sharing idea, inspiring each other etc."
Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.	In my opinion providing voice to common man/women to highlight their day to day issue to concerned authorities has been one of the biggest advantages of Social media.
"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."	Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.
Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.	Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.
"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."	"Social media is a platform for speaking out against social injustice, oftentimes bearing witness to events in real-time. Platforms like Twitter galvanize large populations into action."
Social media allows charitable organizations to show their work and stay connected with both those that support them and those who may be interested in supporting them.	"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."
"Social media provides an opportunity for everybody's voice to be heard, irrespective of their background, race, gender or religion."	Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.
A low bar of entry makes it easy to share information to a large group of audience.	Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.
"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."	Dog fail videos are hilarious and boost the spirits of people who watch them. Laughter is the best medicine.
Social media helps to spread what's good across the globe that all can leverage. It's up to us on how moderately we use. Anything at right size is good and so is social media.	Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.
The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.	Social media has connected the world on a scale beyond any form of communication in the past.
Social media pushes formerly secretive organizations to be more transparent and accountable.	Helps in spreading awareness on key social issues
"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."	Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become the ONLY people I want to talk to.
"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."	"With social media, I connected with my friends, classmates, school mates and team mates. We share the opinions and discuss the topics our community focused."
Its a good way to make money reducing expenses	Social media connect people that otherwise would never communicate at all
Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.	"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"
Social media allows you to find people with common interests.	"Social media allows house-bound elderly people, and other immovable people, to pseudo-interact with others."
"Like it or not Social Media is part of living in 2018. Sure it has problems, yes it has advantages and my 2 cents is everything in moderation."	"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"
Social media has allowed reconnection with long lost friends and relatives.	Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations
Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.	"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."
Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.	Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.
"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."	Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.
Social media helps individuals build a public image	Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart
"You want to showcase your talent just present it on social media platforms ,you can get a direction for your career path."	Social media provides a social cohesion if like-minded people find each other and take positive action together
Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.	Social media makes it much easier to stay in touch with friends and family who are geographically separated.
Social media enables us to keep in touch with long lost friends and family	Social Media connecting people on the whole world.
Social media pushes formerly secretive organizations to be more transparent and accountable.	Social media allows the world to connect in ways never imaginable
"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."	Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.
Social media when used responsibly can be a boon to one and all	Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.
"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."	Social media helps reconnect with past friends. I was able to reconnect with a childhood best friend not seen in years shortly before he died. For that I am grateful.
Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.	Communication is a breeze with social media. What would take forever to disseminate takes exponentially less time to get across the globe.
SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.	Social media can be very comforting for the individual by strengthening social interactions.
Helps in knowing out the diffrerent issues over the globe	Social Media allows people to be informed quickly and efficiently.
Social Media allows us to easily connect with loved ones.	social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas
Social media helps people share about their lives and connect with others.	You can find contacts with specific skills very easily.
"Social media allows to explore virtually any interest, connection, creed and people knowledge without biased or restriction of any kind, openly."	"Like it or not Social Media is part of living in 2018. Sure it has problems, yes it has advantages and my 2 cents is everything in moderation."
Social media do allow people to re-connect valuable relationships both in personal life and in business.	Social media can help people better understand social stigmas such as anxiety and depression.
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.
social media is succeeding in bringing people who are physically apart	Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.
Social media can help shy or closed in people reach out and establish electronic relationships with others.	Social media allows you to find people with common interests.
"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"	Social media allows people to stay in touch with those who are far away and maintain meaningful relationships with others than in the past would have been lost.
Social media connect people that otherwise would never communicate at all	Social media allows people from around the world to connect
"Communication via Social Media is cheaper and faster than traveling, or snail mail."	Social media reduces loneliness of people who are socially isolated.
Professional networking sites greatly assist companies to find personnel and job seekers to find work.	"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."
Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.	"Social media can be a powerful tool for connection and social change. We are in an ""immature"" stage in it's use and as society matures in it's use the positive benefits will become more apparent."
Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.	There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.
"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."	Social media allows the common people around the world to have access to new experiences otherwise reserved only for those who could travel abroad.
Social media can help small brands and artists grow their businesses by connecting them to those interested in their products.	"Social media, when authentic (and, at times, even when filled with lies), brings the humanness in our humanity. It now serves science, policy-making and justice."
Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.	Social media can be used to communicate important information to a wide audience. Like informing friends and family know about major life events.
Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.	Social media helps to spread what's good across the globe that all can leverage. It's up to us on how moderately we use. Anything at right size is good and so is social media.
Social media as a way to learn more about diverse life styles from people of different backgrounds	Communication is a breeze with social media. What would take forever to disseminate takes exponentially less time to get across the globe.
Easy to build communities with people with whom you share the same interests ie. work community or housing area community	Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way
"Social media gives voice to every single human being, like never before."	"Social media is extremely useful in connecting people to each other and vital, potentially lifesaving information during an emergency."
Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.	Social media enables us to keep in touch with long lost friends and family
Social media enables us to keep in touch with long lost friends and family	Trends of social behavior can be studied for business purposes and generating new product ideas.
Social media can be used to gain public support on issues that can influence better decision making	I have been able to connect with some friends from school whom I would have never found otherwise thanks to social media
"Social Media allows rapid access to information. Much faster than traditional media like print. For time sensitive information like natural disasters and accidents, this is especially important."	Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.
I shared a community service activity that I did on social media. People liked it and I know some even got inspired to do it as well. No better way to inspire people	"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."
Social media connects friends and relatives in different parts of the world.	Network with employees of other companies for mutual benefit.
"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."	Social Media created a platform to bring relatives closer and more connected.
I have been able to connect with some friends from school whom I would have never found otherwise thanks to social media	Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections
social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace	Helps in knowing out the diffrerent issues over the globe
Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.	"Social Media allows families to remain connected whilst separated. Parents to understand their children, and friends to keep in touch."
Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way	Best way of advertising whether it's a movie or any product . It's specially helpful for those who cannot afford costly advertisement through other media platform.
"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."	"Actually, It is about the ""content"" in the social media. As long as the social media serves as a good platform that accepts only good content then it its good."
Social media can be very comforting for the individual by strengthening social interactions.	it is yet another mean of contact with friends
Social media helps me to engage with broader list of people then off-line media	Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world
Social networks are a non-intimidating way for people with social anxiety to connect with others	Social Media allows people to be informed quickly and efficiently.
Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.	it is yet another mean of contact with friends
Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume	"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."
"Social media is extremely useful in connecting people to each other and vital, potentially lifesaving information during an emergency."	I have been able to connect with some friends from school whom I would have never found otherwise thanks to social media
"Social media enhances a person's ability to locate and participate in groups of likeminded people for hobbies, religion, current events, politics and other human interests."	Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.
"Actually, It is about the ""content"" in the social media. As long as the social media serves as a good platform that accepts only good content then it its good."	"Social networks make people closer regardless where people is from, breaking barriers among cultures and having better informed people being more conscious about what is happening around them."
"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."	Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.
"Social media can be a good platform to launch and manage civil initiatives for the good of people, help local community members and provide easy access to information."	"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."
Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.	Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.
The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.	Social media reduced the gap between public and government services. Public are able to reach out to authorities quickly and able to find solutions for them
"Social media is a manifestation of human communication itself, and, given proper privacy rules may remain to be one accellorator of democracy."	Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume
"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."	Social media can help people better understand social stigmas such as anxiety and depression.
"Social media is a great way to connect with distant friends and family, sharing photos and stories with people they cannot regularly connect with."	"Many a times it happened that, different consumer companies are addressing your complain quicker when it is posted on social media, rather than going through formal process."
Social media provides a platform for debate and truly open discussion.	Social media can be used to gain public support on issues that can influence better decision making
"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"	"Social media allows citizens to voice their opinions and rally around causes without requiring the old media, which is often controlled by specific interest groups."
Social media helps reconnect with past friends. I was able to reconnect with a childhood best friend not seen in years shortly before he died. For that I am grateful.	A good platform for a common man to reach to their leaders to raise voice for noble cause. Which was near to impossible in past. It should be tied to policy and guidelines to avoid misuse.
Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.	Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.
Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).	"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.
"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"	social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	Social media employs programmers who are steadily improving site quality and creating spillover research which improves the internet as a whole.
"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"	Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.
"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"	Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best
"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"
More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"
Social media can help people who don't find friends in their close community connect to people from other places with similar interests.	Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.
Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.	"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"
Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.	Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.
Social media can make people feel better about themselves when they got likes on their photos or posts.	"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."
"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."	More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable
Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."
"Social media allows us to remain in contact with people with whom we've lost touch, and still be engaged with their lives, even when they are far away"	"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."
"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."	Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening
"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."	Social media has facilitated revolution in certain fascist states by making the airing of grievances easier.
"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"	Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.
Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	"Social media shows you thing to aspire to that you won’t think of otherwise. Going to trips, trying for new jobs, changing your attitude and more."
Social media serves as an archive of photographs and posts which can easily be managed and saved for future use.	"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.
"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."	"Social media connects people otherwise might not have met. thanks to social media we see new romantic, employment etc. opportunities. for many people."
Social media has facilitated revolution in certain fascist states by making the airing of grievances easier.	"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	"Social media allows individuals an escape from oppressive communities, and find a safe space for them to express themselves"
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."	"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"
Social media allows people to out fascists or violent individuals who are potential dangers to their communities.	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
Social media has facilitated revolution in certain fascist states by making the airing of grievances easier.	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.	"Democracy is based on the ability of people to hear and evaluate different views and opinions about the world. before social media people where exposed only to small amount of opinions, backed by news organizations."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."	Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.
Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.	"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."	Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.
"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."	"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"People more informed: Social Media lead to constant information. Also, people are more likely to read news because articles pop up in feed, so they are more likely to be drawn to read them."
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."	"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."
"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."	"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."
More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable	Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	Social media lets you stay in touch with friends over a better and more capable platform than texting.
Social media allows people to out fascists or violent individuals who are potential dangers to their communities.	"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."
"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."	Social media can make people feel better about themselves when they got likes on their photos or posts.
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.
"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"	"social media helped create new communities and societies in ways that weren't possible before (cross countries, people with rare types of interests)"
"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.	Social networks help people discover what interests them and develop new ideas which create more pluralism
Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.	The perception of closeness obtained through social media can be as powerful as actual contact for mitigating loneliness and depression.
"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media
"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."	Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.
Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.	"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."	"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"
"People more informed: Social Media lead to constant information. Also, people are more likely to read news because articles pop up in feed, so they are more likely to be drawn to read them."	"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"
Social media can help people who don't find friends in their close community connect to people from other places with similar interests.	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."
"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.	"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."
Social media provides an easy way for people to spread targeted messaging - for example if a particular item is getting recalled social media can find the relevant parties faster.	social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian
Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.	"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."
Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."	"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"
"Democracy is based on the ability of people to hear and evaluate different views and opinions about the world. before social media people where exposed only to small amount of opinions, backed by news organizations."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."
"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"
Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.	it creats more workplaces worldwide - and making less people unemployed
"Social media helps small businesses to advertise themselves more cheaply and more directly to potential clients, benefiting both businesses and consumers."	Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.
"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."	Social media help connecting physically far people together as well as helping them keep in touch by pushing their thoughts and events to each over.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."	"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"
"social media helped create new communities and societies in ways that weren't possible before (cross countries, people with rare types of interests)"	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"
"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"
"Social media is a place for new journalist / publicists to start finding an audience, thus helping in creating a freer market of ideas."	Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.
Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.	"Social media offers a safe space for individuals which do not fit in their immediate environment: LGBT youth, disabled people, immigrants etc."
"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."	"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	Social media managers are a new profession created by social media which increases the amount of money going into our society.
"social media helped create new communities and societies in ways that weren't possible before (cross countries, people with rare types of interests)"	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"	"its corroborate connections between friends and families - you can see their during the day experiences, and than talk with them about this or do it with them also"
Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.	"Social media is an effective mechanism by which social movements can gain attention - for example, it often enables the spread of messages or awareness about protest movements in other countries."
"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"	"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"
Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.	Social media allows companies to cater products and advertising to better cater peoples needs.
Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.	"Social media helps small businesses and entrepreneurs reach their target audience and, through expansion, creating more jobs"
Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."	Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.
Social media provides an avenue for crowd-funding for charity or a personal cause that can reach a wider audience much faster.	"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."
Social media allows people to out fascists or violent individuals who are potential dangers to their communities.	Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.
"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."	"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."
"Social media has the benefit of ""wisdom of the masses"", if there is anything you need to know, anything you want a different opinion on, you can get that from the wide platform provided by SM."	"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."
Social media help dosing dying relationships by updating people about their friends significant moments and instigating chats between them.	Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.
Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.	"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."
Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.	Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	Social networks help inform people about current events and keep people more informed
"Social media offers a safe space for individuals which do not fit in their immediate environment: LGBT youth, disabled people, immigrants etc."	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.	Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).
"Social media has the benefit of ""wisdom of the masses"", if there is anything you need to know, anything you want a different opinion on, you can get that from the wide platform provided by SM."	"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"
Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.	"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.
"Social media allows us to find real friends, regardless of geographical proximity"	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."
Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.	"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."
Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.
"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."
Social media is the greatest repository of demographic data ever collected.	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."	"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."
"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."	"social media helped create new communities and societies in ways that weren't possible before (cross countries, people with rare types of interests)"
"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	Social media gives a platform for minorities to voice their concerns thus bringing these issues to the public's attention.
"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."	"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."
"Social media helps small businesses and entrepreneurs reach their target audience and, through expansion, creating more jobs"	Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.
"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"	"Social media shows you thing to aspire to that you won’t think of otherwise. Going to trips, trying for new jobs, changing your attitude and more."
social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian	"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."
"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."	Social media allows grass roots movement to more easily mobilize and spread awareness across large groups of people.
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."
Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network	"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"Social media offers a safe space for individuals which do not fit in their immediate environment: LGBT youth, disabled people, immigrants etc."
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."
Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).	Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.
"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"	Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.
Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.	The perception of closeness obtained through social media can be as powerful as actual contact for mitigating loneliness and depression.
Social media has allowed for the connections between families and friends that haven't been able to have other forms of communication open due to geographical barriers.	"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."
Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.	"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"
"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"	"Social media is a great way to spread your ideas and the things you are working on, from the comfort of your home you can access and influence the whole wide world."
"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.	"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"
Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.	Social media can make people feel better about themselves when they got likes on their photos or posts.
Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.	"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."
people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.	Social media is the greatest repository of demographic data ever collected.
"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."	"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."
Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.	Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.
Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.	"Social media helps small businesses to advertise themselves more cheaply and more directly to potential clients, benefiting both businesses and consumers."
Social media communication services create an infrastructure for organizing protests against aggressive governments.	Social networks help connect between people and reduces loneliness
"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."	Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime
"Social media connects people otherwise might not have met. thanks to social media we see new romantic, employment etc. opportunities. for many people."	"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."
"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.	"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).
Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.	"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."
"Social media connects people otherwise might not have met. thanks to social media we see new romantic, employment etc. opportunities. for many people."	"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	Social media provides an avenue for crowd-funding for charity or a personal cause that can reach a wider audience much faster.
"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."	"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."
The perception of closeness obtained through social media can be as powerful as actual contact for mitigating loneliness and depression.	"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."
Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.	"Democracy is based on the ability of people to hear and evaluate different views and opinions about the world. before social media people where exposed only to small amount of opinions, backed by news organizations."
Social networks help connect between people and reduces loneliness	"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."
"Social media is an effective mechanism by which social movements can gain attention - for example, it often enables the spread of messages or awareness about protest movements in other countries."	"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."
Social media is a direct platform to interact with the end user who could be the person based on the need which makes the things happen so quickly compared to manual effort.	Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?
Social media has connected the world on a scale beyond any form of communication in the past.	Social media can help shy or closed in people reach out and establish electronic relationships with others.
Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.	Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.
Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections	Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.
"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"	"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."
"Social media is a way for long-lost friends, classmates or family members to reconnect."	Social media helps the elderly feel less isolated.
tweeter publish a lot of interesting news content that is exclusive.	Social media allows you find long-lost friends and family members.
Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace	"Social media allows people to keep in touch with many weak ties, and thus increases their social capital"
"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"	"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."
Social media embrace the fact that information should be free to share and allow people to express themselves.	Social media helps people share about their lives and connect with others.
Social media allows me to find people with similar interests	Social Media connecting people on the whole world.
Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted	"Social media just like any other technology can be leveraged for the greater good of individuals or group of individuals. Ex. Bring like minded people together, sharing idea, inspiring each other etc."
Social media helps individuals build a public image	Social media allows you find long-lost friends and family members.
We can stay connected and feel safer in this world wherever we are. Friends and Family are a text message away. Instant communication allows for more efficient use of our time and share in lifes moments	"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."
Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.	"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"
"Though it may cause or enable vanity, social media connects families from all over the world and if it is used carefully, it can be a wonderful tool for communication."	We can stay connected and feel safer in this world wherever we are. Friends and Family are a text message away. Instant communication allows for more efficient use of our time and share in lifes moments
The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.	Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.
Anything that connects people together cant be bad	"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."
The harms of social-media will generally pale before the benefits because unwanted communication is so easy to block.	Social Media allows to connect people around the globe as easy as it can be.
Social media allow for extended network and unrestricted communication across the globe	OPENS UP THE WORLD WITH NEWS/POLITICS/SPORTS/SCIENCE/PHOTOGRAPHY/ENTERTAINMENT/ TOURISM TO GENERAL PEOPLE.
Social media provides a platform for debate and truly open discussion.	Network with employees of other companies for mutual benefit.
"Recent events in France with the 'Yellow Vests' movement is an example of how social media can empower people to be heard, when public opinion seem to have no more impacts on governments actions."	"I think it depends on the platform. Example - I find out information on business much sooner than I used to before. As a customer, I am able to express satisfactions/concerns more directly and timely also."
"Social media allows us to see posts from our elected officials, this direct communication in theory allows the voter to see which candidate best represents their views."	"Social media can be a very good source of information, business ideas as well as social relations. It is up to the user to believe/verify/reject any information."
"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."	It is a great enabler if used for its intended purpose. There are so many voices in our society and the world at large that would never have been heard from if not for social media.
Social media provides great scope for innovation where it is easy to collaborate and brainstorm on different ideas.	Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.
Social media provides a platform for friends and family to easily and efficiently post updates in one place that everyone connected to them can then consume	The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.
Social media helps in being upto date with the developments that are happening all around the world. And how to update ourselves with the world as it evolves.	Social Media actually has a lot of pros that I do believe weigh out the cons. Social media actually helps others to communicate even if they are many kilometres away from each other.
"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."	"You can post your creative skills through videos, photos and display your skills to the whole world through social media."
Social media gives everyone a voice and right to express their opinion on an equal setting	Social Media often reflects the real life activities of real people
Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world	"Today's society media is making people happy by connecting people anytime, anywhere"
Social media allow for extended network and unrestricted communication across the globe	Social media saves postal and telecomms costs for example for birthday and christmas cards
"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."	Social Media has a positive impact on marketing for clients. It is inexpensive and hits the masses.
Easy to build communities with people with whom you share the same interests ie. work community or housing area community	Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.
it is yet another mean of contact with friends	Social Media gives business platform to interact with their customers faster.
Social media can be fun and informative when used as such	"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."
It is a good tool to bring friends and family together. Value is in identifying lost friends.	Social media has allowed reconnection with long lost friends and relatives.
People can see more details about you and can judge positively	Social media reduces loneliness of people who are socially isolated.
"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"	"Being a better person is about compassion and empathy. And there is nothing that increases cross-world empathy like social media. From Africa to Arizona, I can deeply understand the human condition. Thank you, Facebook."
Social media helps people connect across physical limitations	Social Media connecting people on the whole world.
Social Media has provided platform for cultural globalization. with social media not people connect across globe and different cultures and are able to understand each culture much better.	"Social media, when authentic (and, at times, even when filled with lies), brings the humanness in our humanity. It now serves science, policy-making and justice."
Helps in knowing out the diffrerent issues over the globe	"Social media is an incredible source of diverse opinions, creative ideas and authentic discourse."
Social media helps lonely people find friends with common interests even on the other side of the globe.	Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.
Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.	"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."
Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.	Social media provides a platform for those who would never be heard otherwise to make their views known.
Social media helps individuals build a public image	"Social media keeps friends connected whether near of far, keeping relationships fresh."
You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.	Various natural calamities are reported first on social media and is used as an important tool is saving lives.
tweeter publish a lot of interesting news content that is exclusive.	"With social media, we are no longer at the mercy of editors of mainstream media or enthusiastic censors."
"Social media has given minorities a safe and discreet place to meet and discuss issues important to them. It has empowered these groups to demand changes in real life, making society better and safer for all."	Many of us are too shy to engage in public discussions. Social media allows us to be part of debates by allowing us to carefully choose our words and hone our explanations before we express them.
Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections	"Social media allows citizens to voice their opinions and rally around causes without requiring the old media, which is often controlled by specific interest groups."
Social media can be fun and informative when used as such	Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart
Social media enables the ability to build community outside the constraints of physical location.	"For business promotions, social media is a better and cost effective platform."
Social media helps to spread what's good across the globe that all can leverage. It's up to us on how moderately we use. Anything at right size is good and so is social media.	"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."
"Actually, It is about the ""content"" in the social media. As long as the social media serves as a good platform that accepts only good content then it its good."	"Thanks to social media, in the time of natural disaster, it has become a handy tool. It has made people to get connected easily. Social movements like Nirbhaya became more effective thanks to Social Media."
Social media is and added advantage in creating international policies based on the events for government. and finding new markets for corporates like how trades and cross border currency are impacted	"Social media has opened up a different world and has brought economic, social and cultural benefits to the world. Openness and transparency have increased as a result of social media"
In my opinion providing voice to common man/women to highlight their day to day issue to concerned authorities has been one of the biggest advantages of Social media.	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
Social media is good because it provides us perspective around the world which we ourselves may sometime lack.	You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.
It connects the world in a way that change for good can take hold faster.	Various natural calamities are reported first on social media and is used as an important tool is saving lives.
SM often lets people pretty far away to interact or exchange info.	Social media reduces loneliness of people who are socially isolated.
Social media allows you find long-lost friends and family members.	Social media can be fun and informative when used as such
Social media helps me to engage with broader list of people then off-line media	"Best way to remain connected to your family, friends and all near and dear ones."
"Social media provides one of the best forums for reconnecting with long-lost friends and family and allows people to remain close, even across vast distances."	Social media is s sea full of opportunities for new creative professions also an interesting and flexible platform to express our views which empower us as well as keep us informed .
Its an easy and fast way to be updated on your in interest topics	Social media is an excellent tool and enriches the lives of billions.
You can have access to specialised information very easily thanks to what is shared by your contacts.	"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"
Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.	Social media allows for information to be distributed quickly to a community you establish; the rate of speed allows for group assistance (looking to borrow something) and share breaking information (traffic jams); you control the community.
"Provides a platform for all kinds of connections to occur. These kinds of platforms have brought families, various groups and other common denominations together that would not have been possible."	"and had no idea about this city but thanks to facebook (pune(flat and flatmates), people guided my with the places i can dwell in"
Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.	Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become the ONLY people I want to talk to.
People can see more details about you and can judge positively	Social Media helps connect people with the content that is most relevant to them.
"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"	"Social media allows citizens to voice their opinions and rally around causes without requiring the old media, which is often controlled by specific interest groups."
Social media allows people to stay in touch with those who are far away and maintain meaningful relationships with others than in the past would have been lost.	Social media has given more freedom for people to express themselves and sometimes express in a better way those words or meanings which couldn't be spoken directly or had the barriers of language/direct communication.
"Social media provides one of the best forums for reconnecting with long-lost friends and family and allows people to remain close, even across vast distances."	"Social media has connected more people than ever before and that is always a good thing. When people are connected and share, more good than bad happens."
Social media is good because it provides us perspective around the world which we ourselves may sometime lack.	Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.
Social Media is a wonderful place only if the choice of friends or connections made are right and there is some sort of basic similarity between you and the one who views your shares.	"social medias makes it easy to meet people you would otherwise never have the opportunity to meet, it can bring you new possibilities in life just by connecting you with other people"
Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted	"Social media can be a good platform to launch and manage civil initiatives for the good of people, help local community members and provide easy access to information."
Social Media allows for convenient and less expensive cross border communication between separated families encouraging more closeness over distance	Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.
"Social media creates a platform to support freedom of speech, giving individuals a platform to voice their opinions and interact with like-minded individuals where they otherwise may not have had one."	"No, I don't agree. With proper personal hygiene and regulatory frameworks in place, social media can help next generation, who will be technology oriented unlike past. Proper education is what matters most."
"Social media is a way for long-lost friends, classmates or family members to reconnect."	Social media itself can foster active discussion around topics of mutual interest.
Social media helps connect you with friends and family across the world	"If used wisely, social media brings more good. The problem is about people not knowing how to use appropriately."
"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."	"Social media and related communication technologies allow people to keep in touch with friends and family across long distances, which generally strengthen friendship ties."
"Social networks make people closer regardless where people is from, breaking barriers among cultures and having better informed people being more conscious about what is happening around them."	ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media
Social Media allows to equally and exponencially distribute knowledge among the people in a non-costly and timeless way	It is easy for small businesses to create a social media page and advertise themselves rather than needing to develop a special web site.
social media are leading to a more accountable society.	Social media allows you find long-lost friends and family members.
Social media has brought about information at our fingertips - helping us find the right contact via media such as LinkedIn	social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did
"Social media, when authentic (and, at times, even when filled with lies), brings the humanness in our humanity. It now serves science, policy-making and justice."	"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."
Social media provides easier access to relatives and friends that were lost out of sight	"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"
Social media is a platform which allows an individual to be connected with friends and relatives thus making the world smaller. It allows one to market oneself and also allows to express opinions.	"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."
social media enables you to share your work more easily and this way you get more attention and recognition. There are a lot of music talents that came strait out of social media	"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."
New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms	Various natural calamities are reported first on social media and is used as an important tool is saving lives.
social media helped the #metoo movement and changed the conversation for women in the workplace	Social media allows for quick diffusion of public health and safety information during crisis events.
"Social media allows house-bound elderly people, and other immovable people, to pseudo-interact with others."	Social media has connected the world on a scale beyond any form of communication in the past.
"twitter is good actually, check out the hell dude"	Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.
"Social media connects billions of people and has provided an extra tool for communication to family, friends and loved ones. By design, it is a mostly a tool for good not for nefarious purposes."	"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."
Social media can be a boon in event of disasters. It has been during many disasters that effective usage of social media could save lives or spread rightinformation to right people	"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."
"Social media allows you to define yourself in your own terms, allows you to control the messaging for your personal brand, and allows you to share your optimism and positive energy with the world at-large."	"In case of jallikattu or sterlite - there was a huge effect of media in gathering/uniting people for fighting against the Government laws and won their right. When used properly, social media brings good."
"If one understand their accountability and responsibility of their own activities, it reaps benefits."	"With social media, we are no longer at the mercy of editors of mainstream media or enthusiastic censors."
Social Media created a platform to bring relatives closer and more connected.	Social media enables the ability to build community outside the constraints of physical location.
"Social media enables interactivity with the mass media. For example, television is a one-way medium. Social media + television provides a feedback mechanism."	"Social networks make people closer regardless where people is from, breaking barriers among cultures and having better informed people being more conscious about what is happening around them."
Social media opens a new way of interacting with other people and removes bias	Network with employees of other companies for mutual benefit.
Keeps people in touch in ways they weren't able to before.	"twitter is good actually, check out the hell dude"
"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."	"I would say social media has open a stream of opportunities , you can get career paths or you can get job updates."
"The use of social media will expand, and many more uses and opportunities yet unknown will be opened, as we can see in every technological development."	"in developing country like Inida where mobile data is cheap social media has helped in small business and freelancers to promote their stuff. FB, Instagram and What's app are used widely."
Social Media helps connect people with the content that is most relevant to them.	Its a great platform to reach masses and make a larger impact in society
"Social media enables interactivity with the mass media. For example, television is a one-way medium. Social media + television provides a feedback mechanism."	"Social media can be a good platform to launch and manage civil initiatives for the good of people, help local community members and provide easy access to information."
Social media is connecting people all over the world and making information travel faster than ever before.	I am able to connect with far-away relatives lifes. Independent of time of day.
OPENS UP THE WORLD WITH NEWS/POLITICS/SPORTS/SCIENCE/PHOTOGRAPHY/ENTERTAINMENT/ TOURISM TO GENERAL PEOPLE.	Social media helps people share about their lives and connect with others.
Social media allows charitable organizations to show their work and stay connected with both those that support them and those who may be interested in supporting them.	ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media
"Social media allows for people to connect that otherwise would lose touch, and the more connected we are to the world, the more we care about it."	It is easy to show some information to people (and it is simple to select the target audience) then it is not needed to talk about the same thing more than once
"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"	"Social media allows sharing of content and opinions across geografical and social boundariers. I truly believe that sharing is caring, and that social media enables democratization of knowledge."
"With social media, we are no longer at the mercy of editors of mainstream media or enthusiastic censors."	Social media allows people to follow their idols and their whereabouts.
It is a great way to keep up-to-date on family and friends.	Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.
"Social media has made communication more efficient and simplified, connecting people from all over the world."	Sharing on social media can be a lot of fun for sharers and audience
Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.	Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.
Social Media can help inform people about the things that happen in the world. People spend the best part of their days in it and the majority of news they see were seen through social media	"SM brings the information, knowledge that you can never have before, the news feed is based on what you're interested in &amp; the people you follow, so it's you who decide whether it's harmful or not"
Social media can help people better understand social stigmas such as anxiety and depression.	Social media has reduced the cost of marketing for companies.
"Social media just like any other technology can be leveraged for the greater good of individuals or group of individuals. Ex. Bring like minded people together, sharing idea, inspiring each other etc."	Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?
"No, I don't agree. With proper personal hygiene and regulatory frameworks in place, social media can help next generation, who will be technology oriented unlike past. Proper education is what matters most."	Social media platforms allow to more transparency of information as it reduces dependency on a small elite groups that see themselves as the owners of the truth for society.
"Families leave such separate lives in distant places that they often lose the feeling of family. Having social media available, lets families and friends reunite even though it is only superficially."	Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.
Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.	"If used wisely, social media brings more good. The problem is about people not knowing how to use appropriately."
Social media help to bring people who may physically not be able to see on a regular basis to keep in touch and have at least a general view on how things are going.	It is easy to show some information to people (and it is simple to select the target audience) then it is not needed to talk about the same thing more than once
"Social media gives a voice to everyone, without any distinction"	A low bar of entry makes it easy to share information to a large group of audience.
Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.	"Social media has opened up a different world and has brought economic, social and cultural benefits to the world. Openness and transparency have increased as a result of social media"
Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods	"Social media is an incredible source of diverse opinions, creative ideas and authentic discourse."
"Social media is a great way to connect with distant friends and family, sharing photos and stories with people they cannot regularly connect with."	There are times when old acquaintances or distant relatives reconnect because they are both visible on a Social Media Platform. Sometimes these reconnections are meaningful.
Social Media allows people to be informed quickly and efficiently.	Social media let you find information or people just with a click
"Social media allows house-bound elderly people, and other immovable people, to pseudo-interact with others."	"Social media provides an opportunity for everybody's voice to be heard, irrespective of their background, race, gender or religion."
"Social Media allows families to remain connected whilst separated. Parents to understand their children, and friends to keep in touch."	Social media provides a social cohesion if like-minded people find each other and take positive action together
Social Media allows for convenient and less expensive cross border communication between separated families encouraging more closeness over distance	Dog fail videos are hilarious and boost the spirits of people who watch them. Laughter is the best medicine.
The social nature of social media helps to remove bias from news.	Social media can easily be used to reach a large audience
There are times when old acquaintances or distant relatives reconnect because they are both visible on a Social Media Platform. Sometimes these reconnections are meaningful.	"Social media is a platform for speaking out against social injustice, oftentimes bearing witness to events in real-time. Platforms like Twitter galvanize large populations into action."
Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become the ONLY people I want to talk to.	We can stay connected and feel safer in this world wherever we are. Friends and Family are a text message away. Instant communication allows for more efficient use of our time and share in lifes moments
"Social media can help people maintain connections with people and groups such as old school classmates and former neighbors, expanding their social connections."	There are good lessons learnt can be used for better purpose and quick benefit of the society using social media.
"Social media provides one of the best forums for reconnecting with long-lost friends and family and allows people to remain close, even across vast distances."	Social media is good because it provides us perspective around the world which we ourselves may sometime lack.
Social media is great for sharing photographs with friends and family.	Social media can allow friends and family members to more actively stay aware of each other's life events.
"Like it or not Social Media is part of living in 2018. Sure it has problems, yes it has advantages and my 2 cents is everything in moderation."	"Social media is a platform for speaking out against social injustice, oftentimes bearing witness to events in real-time. Platforms like Twitter galvanize large populations into action."
Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.	"Social media can be a very good source of information, business ideas as well as social relations. It is up to the user to believe/verify/reject any information."
Information spread is faster than traditional way and it is less regulated.	Social media allows for quick diffusion of public health and safety information during crisis events.
Social media can be used to quickly mobilize large numbers of people for good after disasters or personal tragedies as seen in the many charitable gofundme campaigns.	Professional social media sites allow people the opportunity to make connections with others in their industry to share ideas and employment opportunities.
Social media fosters connection in this high paced society and being social animals we need to be connected to others with similar or opposing ideas. It helps in evaluating both pros and cons of any matter.	"No, I don't agree. With proper personal hygiene and regulatory frameworks in place, social media can help next generation, who will be technology oriented unlike past. Proper education is what matters most."
Social media helps people to better understand all of the various points of view on a topic - allowing them to make decisions that are good for more people.	Social media as a whole has been striving for inclusivity and many of us use one platform or another on a daily basis to get connected with our friends and family.
OPENS UP THE WORLD WITH NEWS/POLITICS/SPORTS/SCIENCE/PHOTOGRAPHY/ENTERTAINMENT/ TOURISM TO GENERAL PEOPLE.	Social media is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
The connections we make in real life are often lost without the assistance of social media. It's enables us to enrich our lives and foster more diverse friendships when we aren't limited by geography.	Social media has given more freedom for people to express themselves and sometimes express in a better way those words or meanings which couldn't be spoken directly or had the barriers of language/direct communication.
New ways to consume media inspires new content on each respective platforms	"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."
Social media can help people better understand social stigmas such as anxiety and depression.	social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas
"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."	Social media has allowed participants in obscure interests to organize and do more impressive things by enabling connections
Social media allows people to stay in touch with those who are far away and maintain meaningful relationships with others than in the past would have been lost.	Simple and nice way to keep up to date and communicate with family members that are close in life but far away in geography.
Social media has lots of useful real time data &amp; information. If use wisely you can gain knowledge in short time.	Social media allows people to find and connect to old friends and relatives that they haven't seen in a long time.
You'll never forget friends bithday as social network reminds you of that event.	People can connect to other people they know or who have similar interests
A person can learn to critically analyze the content and motivations from a safe place without having to actively participate.	We can get more information from world wide because of social media than before which gives us much opportunity to widen our thoughts.
Social Media supports a plethora of niche interests. It's a novelty to connect with people who have very similar interests to me. They become my FAVORITE people to talk to.	"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."
Social media allows people to self organise and protest against opression. The arab spring was a great example of this.	social media has provided a platform where the voices of unheard can be heard
Anything that connects people together cant be bad	Social media is equally accessable to everyone. It opens up the world.
Social media helps individuals build a public image	Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.
Social media allows people to follow their idols and their whereabouts.	"Social media keeps friends connected whether near of far, keeping relationships fresh."
I am able to connect with far-away relatives lifes. Independent of time of day.	Social media makes it much easier to stay in touch with friends and family who are geographically separated.
Research shows that the number of social connections one has is directly related to one's happiness and social media increases connections online.	Social media makes it much easier to stay in touch with friends and family who are geographically separated.
Social media is an instrument that provides the right to normal people to get connected to powerful politicians and people to directly interact. This medium was no there before.	Best way of advertising whether it's a movie or any product . It's specially helpful for those who cannot afford costly advertisement through other media platform.
Social media is a reflection of the real world which brings good and bad. On the whole it brings the world closer together.	Social media is ensuring more of public good by creating awareness when properly verified and validated. Given is false news is restricted
"Using sparingly, social media helps connecting people together, across boundaries of frontiers, time zones, languages, and backgrounds. It really saves time in that respect."	Social media are an ideal platform for brands to spread their messages in an other way and to build on the reach of the influencers on such media.
OPENS UP THE WORLD WITH NEWS/POLITICS/SPORTS/SCIENCE/PHOTOGRAPHY/ENTERTAINMENT/ TOURISM TO GENERAL PEOPLE.	Social media provides a platform to democratize society if used properly.
"Social media connects billions of people and has provided an extra tool for communication to family, friends and loved ones. By design, it is a mostly a tool for good not for nefarious purposes."	"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."
"Social Media brings more good than harm based on what you are looking for and what level of information you are willing to share, example, they can centralize your trusted news source."	"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."
Social media helps family members stay in touch with one another.	"Find long lost friends, and family with social media."
Social media is a cheap and always on medium for me to connect with near and dear whenever I wish. How can that bring harm?	"SM allows anyone to join in the debate. In a world where politicians are struggling for answers, a wider consensus can be reached if the tools are properly used."
"If you know how to filter data on social media, the good is increased. Such as: bring people together, you can meet others with same interest. Work together. Build good solutions for the world"	Social media allows us to connect with people all over the world and brings communication through different mediums allowing people to express themselves in different ways than ever before.
Social Media gives business platform to interact with their customers faster.	Its a great platform to reach masses and make a larger impact in society
Social media allows me to find people with similar interests	It helps people to know about happenings on the world without a bias from media
Social Media allows for convenient and less expensive cross border communication between separated families encouraging more closeness over distance	Social media is a good platform for people to stay in touch and on top of trends.
Dog fail videos are hilarious and boost the spirits of people who watch them. Laughter is the best medicine.	"Social media, when authentic (and, at times, even when filled with lies), brings the humanness in our humanity. It now serves science, policy-making and justice."
"Social media, as we know, is the platform for multiple people across the globe who want their voices and opinions to be heard, which is a constructive thing altogether should we be tolerant towards everyone's opinions."	"Used correctly and with a critical eye as to what one is reading, social media can keep distant friends 'involved' in our lives; they can stay up to date with your latest adventures."
The only advantage of Social media is to express our thoughts at anytime. World has become small and you will be able to connect all leading people in the world.	Social media is the quickest way to reach out for any kind of help specially in case of emergencies.For eg. in India people traveling in trains are using Twitter to reach out for any support.
Simple and nice way to keep up to date and communicate with family members that are close in life but far away in geography.	"Social media allows transfer of ideas, images, events, etc. at a much faster rate than that of traditional media (TV, radio, print news, etc.)."
Social media is a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.	social media can become an activist platform to amplify minority thoughts to mainstream ideas
Social media connects friends and relatives in different parts of the world.	Its a good way to make money reducing expenses
Social media connect people that otherwise would never communicate at all	Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes
Social media allows for quick diffusion of public health and safety information during crisis events.	"Social media is a good way of keeping track and up today with the happenings of friends, family, and colleagues over time."
"Social media keeps friends connected whether near of far, keeping relationships fresh."	social media are leading to a more accountable society.
"Freedom of speech, this is what social media is all about, we must let people freely express their ideas, opinions"	Social Media is a convenient means of eliciting the feelings of people and also understanding the impact of events on the populace
"Social media helps us find people with similar goals to our own, and provides tools to encourage each other towards attaining our goals. Look at health trackers, and Facebook groups, Twitter hashtags."	"We should promote the correct usage of social media, rather than banning it or discontinuing it in any way. People should develop the brilliance to use any platform in a constructive way"
Social media allows me to find people with similar interests	Social media is great for sharing photographs with friends and family.
Professional social media sites allow people the opportunity to make connections with others in their industry to share ideas and employment opportunities.	With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.
Communication is a breeze with social media. What would take forever to disseminate takes exponentially less time to get across the globe.	Social media exposes its users to feel-good stories and acts of kindness that have a positive ripple effect.
Social media allows the world to connect in ways never imaginable	"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."
"Social media is a natural extension of the way people have always interacted freely with each other, thus it can only bring good outcomes"	Easy to build communities with people with whom you share the same interests ie. work community or housing area community
Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart	Social media let you find information or people just with a click
Social Media can help inform people about the things that happen in the world. People spend the best part of their days in it and the majority of news they see were seen through social media	"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."
"Social networks make people closer regardless where people is from, breaking barriers among cultures and having better informed people being more conscious about what is happening around them."	"How easy it is now, to share what I want to share, and what I want to see. If I am a sane person, I can still use the platform judiciously."
"Social media can be a very good source of information, business ideas as well as social relations. It is up to the user to believe/verify/reject any information."	With Social Media Business can connect to users better and provide services as per individual needs not based on segmentation.
"Due to social Media, lots of business are set up online, bringing choice and low prices and compare quality. Businesses can find a market for their goods and services in a cost-effective way, globally."	"Social media is very helpful to keep in touch with people, which was otherwise very difficult. We are able to send messages to specific groups of people and interact with them easily."
"When used to communicate important safety and security information, whether nature or man made events, social media is helpful. But personal info security needs significant improvements."	"Social media allows people to quickly communicate, to keep up with friends and what is going on in their lives - where people ensure they only share information to their friend/family circles."
"Social media keeps friends connected whether near of far, keeping relationships fresh."	"If one understand their accountability and responsibility of their own activities, it reaps benefits."
By Design Social media is good it is became broader but less engaging people	Social media opens a new way of interacting with other people and removes bias
Social media can be very comforting for the individual by strengthening social interactions.	Its a great platform to reach masses and make a larger impact in society
We can stay connected and feel safer in this world wherever we are. Friends and Family are a text message away. Instant communication allows for more efficient use of our time and share in lifes moments	Social media has given more freedom for people to express themselves and sometimes express in a better way those words or meanings which couldn't be spoken directly or had the barriers of language/direct communication.
People can connect to other people they know or who have similar interests	Social media saves postal and telecomms costs for example for birthday and christmas cards
A low bar of entry makes it easy to share information to a large group of audience.	Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.
It is a great way to keep up-to-date on family and friends.	"Social Media helps keep the family together despite distance, time zones and language"
Social Media helps connect people with the content that is most relevant to them.	Social Media often reflects the real life activities of real people
Social media allows people to keep in touch with their loved ones who are far away from them.	Social Media helps to ensure that people who are forced to stay at home can be online and stay connected.
"Social media is just another piece of technology, and shows how creative are human beings."	Social media cuts down on gas because people don't have to leave their house to interact.
Social media can allow citizens to voice their opinions publicly by bypassing the old media which is controlled by interest groups.	"Social media helps people get informed and connect, without the fuss of having to contact all of your friends and family every day or week."
There are times when old acquaintances or distant relatives reconnect because they are both visible on a Social Media Platform. Sometimes these reconnections are meaningful.	Part of being a human being is feeling connected. Social media helps keep us from becoming isolated as we age and our social contact wanes.
Social media has given a platform to common man to express themselves. This has lead to many revolutions and positive changes to many lives and therefore society.	Social media has given more freedom for people to express themselves and sometimes express in a better way those words or meanings which couldn't be spoken directly or had the barriers of language/direct communication.
Social media can be used to gain public support on issues that can influence better decision making	Social media has lots of useful real time data &amp; information. If use wisely you can gain knowledge in short time.
Social platforms provide society the means to generate support for a genuine cause when the need arises.	"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."
"The internet is better than sitting in front of the TV, at least you might learn something."	People can connect to other people they know or who have similar interests
Social media democratizes access to information and exchange of ideas between individuals. This promotes community awareness of their current situation and future possibilities.	"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."
Social Media make personal world wide and bring person to unknown world	"Social media, if rightly used, can help in connecting with people who can help both personally and professionally."
Social media allows the common people around the world to have access to new experiences otherwise reserved only for those who could travel abroad.	"and had no idea about this city but thanks to facebook (pune(flat and flatmates), people guided my with the places i can dwell in"
Social media cuts down on gas because people don't have to leave their house to interact.	"Social media assists the lonely in providing them ways, at least partially, of not being alone"
Social media makes it much easier to stay in touch with friends and family who are geographically separated.	Social Media can be engineered to control bureaucracy via citizen feedback
"The good far outweighs the negative. Social media is novel and evolving, which is scary. However, the benefits of linking people, business, and institutions together are enormous and are changing the world for the better."	"There is a lot that can be learned and discovered on social media, and often it is easier to find things on social platforms than on the internet"
Social media connect people that otherwise would never communicate at all	Social media helps family members stay in touch with one another.
Social media makes it easy to see the latest updates from friends and news outlets that I am interested in.	social media connects people in a way no other communication method has ever did
"Social media is great, it allows me to stay in touch with many friends."	You can find contacts with specific skills very easily.
Social media allows people from across the globe to interact with each other in ways that could not have been possible before.	Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.
"Use of Social Media is a personal choice, and therefore most negative experiences can be controlled by the individual, and often brings more positive outcomes than bad."	"Social media promotes engagement and can be a good outlet for shutins or others, such as the socially awkward who struggle with in person interaction."
"I would say social media has open a stream of opportunities , you can get career paths or you can get job updates."	In my opinion providing voice to common man/women to highlight their day to day issue to concerned authorities has been one of the biggest advantages of Social media.
Social media helps to overcome people's loneliness. E.g.: Elder people...	Social media allow for extended network and unrestricted communication across the globe
Social media allows distant families and friends to stay connected and share their lives in a convenient and fun way	Social media reaches many user groups that would otherwise not have been addressed.
IT OPENS UP YOUR MIND TO PUBLIC/FRIENDS- WHICH REFRESH YOU PSYCHOLOGICALLY CHANGES THE NATURE OF A PERSON FOR HONESTY AND GOOD VALUES ONCE PEOPLE SUPPORT THE GOOD WORK.	Social media allows the common people around the world to have access to new experiences otherwise reserved only for those who could travel abroad.
Social Media created a platform to bring relatives closer and more connected.	Social Media has a positive impact on marketing for clients. It is inexpensive and hits the masses.
Social Media allows to connect people around the globe as easy as it can be.	"Find long lost friends, and family with social media."
Social platforms provide society the means to generate support for a genuine cause when the need arises.	Social media saves postal and telecomms costs for example for birthday and christmas cards
Social media provides a broad platform that provides a voice to underserved populations	Social media allows people from around the world to connect
Social networks can help connect people who are geographically apart	Brings together people towards a common cause which cannot be easily done via traditional methods
Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.	Social media enables the ability to build community outside the constraints of physical location.
Social media helps family members stay in touch with one another.	one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends
Network with employees of other companies for mutual benefit.	"Social media allowed important movements like 11-M, in Spain, which gave more voice to the people"
Social media cuts down on gas because people don't have to leave their house to interact.	"Social media provides an opportunity for everybody's voice to be heard, irrespective of their background, race, gender or religion."
social media are leading to a more accountable society.	Social media helps us connect to people all around the world.
Social media is s sea full of opportunities for new creative professions also an interesting and flexible platform to express our views which empower us as well as keep us informed .	"Social media provides an outlet, and a connection, for people who wish to reach out beyond their immediate circle fo acquaintances. This can boost their happiness, and their mental health, by reducing feelings of isolation."
It is a powerful tool to voice one's opinion and bring to forefront what you think requires attention.	"Social media provides a venue, unlike no other, without many typical constraints people have thereby allowing for more frequent, open and honest opinion."
Social media helped us to be connected with our friends and relatives and also with colleagues and their life updates. It helps to make new connections also. Some important news are shared on Social Media.	The only advantage of Social media is to express our thoughts at anytime. World has become small and you will be able to connect all leading people in the world.
Social media allows people with real life social interaction issues to approach and talk to people they wouldn't usually have the courage to do by themselves.	Simple and nice way to keep up to date and communicate with family members that are close in life but far away in geography.
"Social media is very helpful to keep in touch with people, which was otherwise very difficult. We are able to send messages to specific groups of people and interact with them easily."	"Social Media allows rapid access to information. Much faster than traditional media like print. For time sensitive information like natural disasters and accidents, this is especially important."
Social media was used during terror attacks to help save lives	one is able to reconnect and continue interaction with long lost/old friends
Social media connect people that otherwise would never communicate at all	Social media has allowed reconnection with long lost friends and relatives.
Social media enables global communication and activism towards good causes	Social media connects friends and relatives in different parts of the world.
Social media opens doors to new communities that can lend people an increased sense of purpose.	"They do more good than harm. The benefits of social media through interconnectivity, social empathy far outweigh the negative tendencies of some users"
Social media depends on how individuals use. This means that we have many opportunities to gain various benefits from SM.	"Social media enables us to keep in contact with friends and family, even if just seeing photos and life updates."
Social media helps reconnect with past friends. I was able to reconnect with a childhood best friend not seen in years shortly before he died. For that I am grateful.	"It is the hallmark of the digital age making the world a smaller place. Its primary intention helps gives people new, better and easier means to communicate, network and collaborate, notwithstanding the unintended consequences."
Social media doesn't bring harm. It is users using it for private. It is good for instant messaging and crowdsourcing. What if we had the tool that could determine if a message is private?	"Social media allows for people to connect that otherwise would lose touch, and the more connected we are to the world, the more we care about it."
It is a good tool to bring friends and family together. Value is in identifying lost friends.	Social media helps family members stay in touch with one another.
"Due to social media, businesses are compelled to provide better and timely customer support."	social media are leading to a more accountable society.
"Social media can be a good platform to launch and manage civil initiatives for the good of people, help local community members and provide easy access to information."	ability to express oneself without fear has allowed more and more folks to raise awareness on topics ignored by the mainstream media
Professional networking sites greatly assist companies to find personnel and job seekers to find work.	Social media is a platform for information sharing that is not as easily manipulated by government as traditional media.
We see issues like Me-too movements are getting reported in social media. All mismanagement gets immediately reported in social media now a days. Social media platform has evolved as defender of justice for human society.	"With social media, we can keep ourselves abreast. It's up to individual what to follow and what not to follow, what to believe and what not to believe."
"Social media and related communication technologies allow people to keep in touch with friends and family across long distances, which generally strengthen friendship ties."	The easiest way to know about what is going on in the world is with social media. Social movements like #MeToo thrived on social media. Could not have done it otherwise.
Social Medias can make relatives closer with instant news and photos.	"Social media allows people to stay in touch, even though they live in opposite parts of the world."
Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime	Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.
Social networks help inform people about current events and keep people more informed	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.
"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"	"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."
"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."	"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	"Social media allows individuals an escape from oppressive communities, and find a safe space for them to express themselves"
"Social Media gives people a place to form support groups, those who want to help can easly find people who need help by forming groups and offering advices."	"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."
"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."	"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"
Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.	People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.
social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian	"Social media allows us to remain in contact with people with whom we've lost touch, and still be engaged with their lives, even when they are far away"
Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.	"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."
"Social media has the benefit of ""wisdom of the masses"", if there is anything you need to know, anything you want a different opinion on, you can get that from the wide platform provided by SM."	"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"
Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.	"Current events can be more readily shared on social media, creating a more informed populace which general economic efficiency and democratic engagement."
"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	Sociologists and psychologists can utilize social media to perform experiments and learn about behavior and inherent human nature.
Social media lets you stay in touch with friends over a better and more capable platform than texting.	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
"Social media offers a safe space for individuals which do not fit in their immediate environment: LGBT youth, disabled people, immigrants etc."	Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.
"Social media is an effective mechanism by which social movements can gain attention - for example, it often enables the spread of messages or awareness about protest movements in other countries."	it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer
Social media can make people feel better about themselves when they got likes on their photos or posts.	people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.
"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"	Social media is the greatest repository of demographic data ever collected.
Social media can make people feel better about themselves when they got likes on their photos or posts.	Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.
"Social media allows individuals an escape from oppressive communities, and find a safe space for them to express themselves"	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."	Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.
"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"	"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"
social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian	"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."	Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.
Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.	Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime
"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."	"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."
Social media help dosing dying relationships by updating people about their friends significant moments and instigating chats between them.	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
Social media serves as an archive of photographs and posts which can easily be managed and saved for future use.	Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.
Social media can help people who don't find friends in their close community connect to people from other places with similar interests.	Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.
Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime	"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"
"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."	Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best
"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."	"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."
"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."	Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.
"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."	Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.
"Modern communication largely occurs on social media, making it a new forum for individuals to share ideas and learn new things"	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	Social media employs programmers who are steadily improving site quality and creating spillover research which improves the internet as a whole.
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.
Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.	"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."
it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer	"People more informed: Social Media lead to constant information. Also, people are more likely to read news because articles pop up in feed, so they are more likely to be drawn to read them."
"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."	Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.
Social networks help connect between people and reduces loneliness	"Social media allows us to find real friends, regardless of geographical proximity"
"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."	Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
Social media has facilitated revolution in certain fascist states by making the airing of grievances easier.	Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.
Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want	Social media is the greatest repository of demographic data ever collected.
"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."	Social media communication services create an infrastructure for organizing protests against aggressive governments.
"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"	Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.
Social media is of information that people use to their news and catch up what’s happening	"Social media allows us to find real friends, regardless of geographical proximity"
The perception of closeness obtained through social media can be as powerful as actual contact for mitigating loneliness and depression.	Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	Social media managers are a new profession created by social media which increases the amount of money going into our society.
Social media communication services create an infrastructure for organizing protests against aggressive governments.	Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends
Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.	More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"
Social networks help inform people about current events and keep people more informed	"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"
Social media allows companies to cater products and advertising to better cater peoples needs.	"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."
"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."	"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."
Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.	"Social media connects people otherwise might not have met. thanks to social media we see new romantic, employment etc. opportunities. for many people."
"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."	Social media allows for the opportunity for more people to connect globally which allows for a deeper cultural exchange that can increase empathy and understanding.
"Social media has the benefit of ""wisdom of the masses"", if there is anything you need to know, anything you want a different opinion on, you can get that from the wide platform provided by SM."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."
Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.	"Most people wont go outside and protest or join a political movement, social media allows people to make a difference and be politically active and informed."
Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.	People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	Social media can help people who don't find friends in their close community connect to people from other places with similar interests.
"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."	Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media
Social media employs programmers who are steadily improving site quality and creating spillover research which improves the internet as a whole.	"this is a better way to send a message between all of your co-workers, students, your employees,"
"its corroborate connections between friends and families - you can see their during the day experiences, and than talk with them about this or do it with them also"	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.	Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.
"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"	"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"
Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime	Social media communication services create an infrastructure for organizing protests against aggressive governments.
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."
"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"	Social media is the greatest repository of demographic data ever collected.
"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."	"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."
"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"	"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."
the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way	Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.
Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.	"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."
"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."	"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"
"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."	"Social media is a great way to spread your ideas and the things you are working on, from the comfort of your home you can access and influence the whole wide world."
"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."	Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.
"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"	"Most people arent subscribed to a newspaper or watch the news on a regular basis, social media is often the only way they are exposed to news stories, this means we get more informed citizens."
Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.	Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.
"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."	"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."
"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."	Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	Social networks help people discover what interests them and develop new ideas which create more pluralism
"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."	"Social media is a place for new journalist / publicists to start finding an audience, thus helping in creating a freer market of ideas."
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."	"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer
Social media exposes people to more information and makes information more accessible- knowledge spreading is generally a good thing: more people will have a lot of knowledge.	Social media provides an avenue for crowd-funding for charity or a personal cause that can reach a wider audience much faster.
"Social media is an effective mechanism by which social movements can gain attention - for example, it often enables the spread of messages or awareness about protest movements in other countries."	Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best
"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."	Social media provides an avenue for crowd-funding for charity or a personal cause that can reach a wider audience much faster.
"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"	"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	"Social media allows individuals an escape from oppressive communities, and find a safe space for them to express themselves"
"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."
"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"	"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"
Social media allows for easier organization of events and event participation.	Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime
Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.	Social networks help people discover what interests them and develop new ideas which create more pluralism
"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network	"Social media brings more good than harm because it makes the marketplace of ideas much larger and allows more competition between ideas, which will lead to better ideas winning out."
"Social media allows us to remain in contact with people with whom we've lost touch, and still be engaged with their lives, even when they are far away"	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."	Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.
"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."	Social media contributes to world globalisation.people from all around the world can be in contact and exchange knowleg and information on their well being.
"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."	Social media serves as an archive of photographs and posts which can easily be managed and saved for future use.
Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.	"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."
"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"	Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.
"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it makes the marketplace of ideas much larger and allows more competition between ideas, which will lead to better ideas winning out."
People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.	Social media allows people to stay in touch even if they live far away from each other.
Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.	"Social media allows us to remain in contact with people with whom we've lost touch, and still be engaged with their lives, even when they are far away"
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	Social media gives a platform for people to gather together under a common cause that can lead to societal change.
"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"	"Social media goal is to make the information more open to public, they have more acces to to it when they use it."
"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"	Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.
"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."
"Social media allow people to meet other people with the same interest, no matter how far they live"	"Social media helps small businesses and entrepreneurs reach their target audience and, through expansion, creating more jobs"
"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."	Social media help dosing dying relationships by updating people about their friends significant moments and instigating chats between them.
"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"	"Social media has allowed for entirely new economies to emerge, allowing more people to live middle and upper-class lifestyles while having jobs that they enjoy, such as being a social media influencer."
"Social media allows individuals an escape from oppressive communities, and find a safe space for them to express themselves"	"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	"Social media helps people stay connected with more friends, even if they are far away."
"Social media enables people to talk to friends and family and learn about their lives even when they are far away, thus helping people that feel lonely or are away from their loved ones"	"People more informed: Social Media lead to constant information. Also, people are more likely to read news because articles pop up in feed, so they are more likely to be drawn to read them."
"Most people arent subscribed to a newspaper or watch the news on a regular basis, social media is often the only way they are exposed to news stories, this means we get more informed citizens."	"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."
"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."	"Social media shows you thing to aspire to that you won’t think of otherwise. Going to trips, trying for new jobs, changing your attitude and more."
it creats more workplaces worldwide - and making less people unemployed	Social media improves communication between friends and family members who live far away from each other.
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	"Social media allows us to remain in contact with people with whom we've lost touch, and still be engaged with their lives, even when they are far away"
"Social media it a way to communicate with other people in the society, to tell them and share their feelings."	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	"Social media allows us to find real friends, regardless of geographical proximity"
"Social media help entertain us in our empty time. If in the past we spent a lot of time doing nothing, now we can easily catch up with our friends or look at cat video."	Social media allows the average person to present our creative endeavors and accomplishments to the world which allows us self expression and a sense of recognition on a scale like never before.
Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.	Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best
"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."	"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"
Social media allows the average person to present our creative endeavors and accomplishments to the world which allows us self expression and a sense of recognition on a scale like never before.	"save time in your work. you can do more missions because you can easily connect withe people that you need to connect with, or people that can help you."
"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."	Gives the ability to maintain contact across distances. This allows people to move (for example to at better job) without losing their emotional support network
people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.	Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media
"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."	"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"
"Allows organisation of protests on various social justice issues, letting the individual make a bigger difference in our society"	Social media serves as an archive of photographs and posts which can easily be managed and saved for future use.
"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"	"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."
Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.	Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.
A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.	"help people with social anxiety to get friends and be more sociable, overcome their social anxiety"
"better way for people to be exposed to politic, so they can be more involved and influence on their country direction."	Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.
Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want	Social media communication services create an infrastructure for organizing protests against aggressive governments.
"Social media shows you thing to aspire to that you won’t think of otherwise. Going to trips, trying for new jobs, changing your attitude and more."	"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"
Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends	Social media creates a platform for social activists to find supporters and thus create bigger social movements leading to social changes.
"Social media is an important tool for citizens to battle oppressive regimes, it allows people to form groups and movements in a way that is hard for a dictator to monitor"	Social media brings more good than harm because it encourages people to speak with others who are different from themselves by virtue of connecting people from around the globe.
"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.	Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it makes the marketplace of ideas much larger and allows more competition between ideas, which will lead to better ideas winning out."	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"	The increased demand for high skilled tech labor due to the number of social media companies empowers workers to demand better condition and better pay.
"Social media is an important tool for citizens to battle oppressive regimes, it allows people to form groups and movements in a way that is hard for a dictator to monitor"	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.	Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.
"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"	Social media allows for the opportunity for more people to connect globally which allows for a deeper cultural exchange that can increase empathy and understanding.
"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"	"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."
Social media gives a platform for people to gather together under a common cause that can lead to societal change.	Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.
"We can stay in touch with old friends, via social media, and see what they are doing with their life"	Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.
Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.	Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.
Politicians have a better understanding of their voters through social media and can realize better what they should do in order to create a change for the best	"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.
Social media provides an avenue for crowd-funding for charity or a personal cause that can reach a wider audience much faster.	Social media allows people to out fascists or violent individuals who are potential dangers to their communities.
it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer	"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."
Social networks help coordinate between people against an oppressive regime	Social networks help people discover ideas they wouldn't discover otherwise such as minority media
"Social media shows you thing to aspire to that you won’t think of otherwise. Going to trips, trying for new jobs, changing your attitude and more."	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."
"social media exposed most users to types of content they never would've seen otherwise, thus encouraging a broader mind set"	"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."
"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."	"Social media allowes people to stay in touch with eachother, by sending masseges, sharing pictures, and forming groups."
Social media help to create groups of people about whatever they want	"Social Media give's a lot of easy to access information, which makes people more informed."
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	"Social media brings more good than harm because it facilitates communication in repressive countries, as we saw from Twitter's use in planning the Arab Spring."
"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."	Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.
Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.	"Social media helps small businesses and entrepreneurs reach their target audience and, through expansion, creating more jobs"
it creats more workplaces worldwide - and making less people unemployed	Social media lets people keep in touch with far away loved ones.
Social media allows individuals who may otherwise not be able to connect to be able to easily interact.	"Social media allows politicians to connect with the public, providing the public with better and more reliable information about them."
"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
Social media brings more good than harm because it allows people to communicate with others whom they would never have met previously.	"Social media allows celebrities, politicians, and other public characters to create accessible platforms and spread their message."
Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.	"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"
Social media lets you stay in touch with friends over a better and more capable platform than texting.	"Social media is a powerful Broadcasting tool to inform the masses, even if they aren't actively interested in the broadcast subject."
Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
Social networks help connect between people and reduces loneliness	Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.
Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."
Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.	"Social media facilitates crowd funding, which reduces health care and emergency costs for needy families."
"Social media allows small political parties to interact with their voters and the public in general without spending too much money, making the democratic process more equal and fair"	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.	"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."
Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.	"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it makes the marketplace of ideas much larger and allows more competition between ideas, which will lead to better ideas winning out."
Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.	"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."
"Allows one to find connections and support on topics not represented in your local community (eg gay youth in conservative areas, forums for people dealing with rare diseases)"	Social media is an immediate way to connect with people near and far without the limitation of physical distance or the unreliability of postal services.
Social media is used to reach a vast number of people and can bring public attention to charities and causes that rely on people's contributions.	"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"
Social media allows people to meet like minded individuals and have more fulfilling connections despite barriers.	A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.
"Social media makes easier to reach a wide platform of people, meaning it's easier to grow audience, for example, for a new newspaper or a blog."	Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.
More representation: people are able to find others with similar interests and get support. Thus they have more power compared to their politicians and are able to keep them accountable	Social media allows for the doxxing of unsavory characters like sexual assaulters/nazis/racists etc. so that they can be held accountable and others know not to engage with them.
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	Social media provides an easy way for people to spread targeted messaging - for example if a particular item is getting recalled social media can find the relevant parties faster.
Social media gives a platform for all ranges of minoretis to have a say and represent them self's.	Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.
"Social media allows for a platform where everyone can freely express their thoughts and opinions, allowing for the maximized attainment of free speech."	Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).
"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."	Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.
Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.	Social media help dosing dying relationships by updating people about their friends significant moments and instigating chats between them.
"Social media gives us a lot of new opportunities. You can find a job, an apartment or even a girlfriend though you friends and connections with a click of the mouse."	"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"
"More opportunities for political campaigns: The cost of pushing for a campaign in social media is cheaper (almost free) compared to real life campaigns. Thus, politics become more accessible."	"Social media allows for connectivity to a larger number of people that you know, and even though those relationships may be shallow in many cases, this does not make them detrimental or superfluous."
the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way	"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"
"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."	Social media provides a platform for more direct to the public sources of news and information which can lead to a more informed populous when it comes to their important issues.
Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.	people can connect between themselves in an easier way than without social media.
"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."	Social media provides an easy way for people to spread targeted messaging - for example if a particular item is getting recalled social media can find the relevant parties faster.
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	"Social media enable making mass social experiments and servies easily, and so making the act of collecting data easier, cheaper, faster and wider spread"
Social media managers are a new profession created by social media which increases the amount of money going into our society.	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.	Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.
it creats more workplaces worldwide - and making less people unemployed	Social media provides an easy way of crowd sourcing to get advice or answers to questions.
Social media provides a unique way for in-the-closet LGTBs living in conservative areas to be part of virtual communities and communicate with other people like them.	Social media allows people to share relevant life events with the people they care about without having to go through and send it to each person individually.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it facilitates communication in repressive countries, as we saw from Twitter's use in planning the Arab Spring."	Social media connects immediately people who live far apart. You can follow your friends and family from afar and improve your relationships with them.
Social media provides an easy way for people to network and form professional connections that can help them in the long term.	Social media managers are a new profession created by social media which increases the amount of money going into our society.
"Individuals can share information with their friends over social media, allowing them to access news which interests them and is more likely to get them engaged."	"Social media brings more good than harm because it is a powerful tool to fight social isolation, which is damaging to one's physical and mental well-being, especially for house-bound people."
"Social media is a way of creating groups of colleagues / classmates, sharing useful information and helping each other."	People can launch an online career through social media thus giving them a financial venue.
"In a busy and a noisey world, people can read news very easily via social media"	Social media provides an easy way for social groups to communicate and share material with individual members.
Social media help dosing dying relationships by updating people about their friends significant moments and instigating chats between them.	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
"Social media allows for people with similar interests and values to form communities across the global, allowing for more cultural understanding and diffusion."	Social media lets information travel with no censorship and thus people living in oppressive regimes can bring the truth of their situation to the rest of the world.
"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"	"Social media brings more good than harm because it gives ""little people"" a voice that the media denies them, as we saw when the me too movement began on Twitter."
"Social media gives people a platform to express themselves. If you like to write shorts stories, tell jokes or paint now you can publish it and share with you friends in ease."	social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian
"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
"Using social media people can express their ideas and opinions better, even on less mainstream subjects, and find other people who think like them"	Social media are a helpful tool that is no more harmful than any other modern technology. Banning is not the solution.
Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people share their art and music, especially for people who would have been excluded from those industries in past decades."
Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.	Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.
Social media allows for the opportunity for more people to connect globally which allows for a deeper cultural exchange that can increase empathy and understanding.	"Social media improves communication and empathy between people in a busy and hectic world, by sharing what is going on in their life with others."
"Social media is a platform with very fast information dispersion, such that small artists can develop followings and become famous even without a lot of initial social capital."	"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."
Social networks help people discover what interests them and develop new ideas which create more pluralism	Coordination with friends or acquaintances is easier through commonly shared platforms and social media.
"Social media brings more good than harm because it facilitates communication in repressive countries, as we saw from Twitter's use in planning the Arab Spring."	Social media allows for a vast number of people to connect and raise their awareness on issues in the world that they would otherwise not be aware of.
Social media serves as an instrument to memorialize moments in time that may have otherwise been lost.	"social media keep and remind you all of your good experiences, so its help you to remain your satisfaction along your life."
Social media serves as an archive of photographs and posts which can easily be managed and saved for future use.	"Social media connects between celebrities to their fan base, making them less “god like” and promoting people to follow them in a more positive way."
"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"	Using social media people can travel around the world and stay connected to their family and friends
"I will always find supportive communities on social media and affectionate people to any situation I'm in, so I'm less likely to be depressed and feel misunderstood"	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."
Active dissemination of information through social media allows people to hold companies and states more accountable and makes it harder for them to hide heinous actions.	Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.
"The massive revenue that social media companies earn has allowed them to reinvest their earnings into new technologies, such as automatic moderation and content organization."	Social media help connecting physically far people together as well as helping them keep in touch by pushing their thoughts and events to each over.
"Social media allows for easily accessible information about a variety of topics like politics and science, leading to a more informed populace."	Social media help connecting physically far people together as well as helping them keep in touch by pushing their thoughts and events to each over.
Social media allows individuals who don't know each other in real life to form communities around shared interests.	"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."
"Social media allows for information to be shared more freely, which has been an effective method for contesting government abuse and subverting censorship."	"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"
Social media allows people to crowd source ideas and trade information so that individuals with different skills can connect and create better products.	"Social media is a place for new journalist / publicists to start finding an audience, thus helping in creating a freer market of ideas."
"Social media quantifies our experiences, allowing us to find the positive parts in our lives and they we've improved, giving meaning to our experiences and lives"	"With social media I'm more exposed to different ideas and experiences other people have, so I can more easily find whatever suits me and reach self fulfillment"
"Social media brings more good than harm because it brings people joy, or they would not keep using it in such large numbers."	Social media allows for people with social limitations such as anxiety to make connections or online friends thus lessening their loneliness.
"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."	Social media help dosing dying relationships by updating people about their friends significant moments and instigating chats between them.
Social media managers are a new profession created by social media which increases the amount of money going into our society.	"Social IT allows people which are marginalized and ignored by mainstream media to have a voice, that is potentially heard by the entire population."
"Social media has provided the ability for marginalized peoples, such as LGBTQ youth, a support network that makes them feel like part of a broader community which improves the quality of life immeasurably."	it is a stage for people who don't Necessarily had a chance before to shine and showcase their tallent whrether its a swedish guy uploading videos on youtube or a talented foreign singer
Social media serves as an archive of photographs and posts which can easily be managed and saved for future use.	"Social media make people feel happier about their lifes: they share things they done and get ""likes"" for them."
Allows individuals to easily share sad news (like the death of a loved one) once without the emotional burden of informing each acquaintance individually	"Social media is a place for new journalist / publicists to start finding an audience, thus helping in creating a freer market of ideas."
Social media is a massive industry which employs tens of thousands of workers.	Social media allows celebrities and institutions to disseminate information far more efficiently.
"Investigative journalists has been rehabilitated as individuals share news more readily over social media, creating higher ad revenue and incentivizing people to purchase subscriptions."	"Social media allows disenfranchised people to access freely news and job offers, this allows them to stay informed and to advance their lives"
Social networks help people discover what interests them and develop new ideas which create more pluralism	"social media served as a stage for social change driven by common people (eg. ALS ice bucket challenge, #MeToo movement)"
Social media brings more good than harm because it helps businesses to promote themselves that might not have been able to advertise and succeed using older technologies.	"social media has the power to bring change to sociaties that are afraid of their government, such as the arrab spring that started on facebook"
Social media allows for fast communication during environmental and social crises (people can mark themselves safe or let their friends know how things are progressing).	"Social media lets people connect to other people with similar problems, creating support systems that are hard to find in real life."
"Social media allows people to share their ideas to a wider platform of people, meaning they can get more support even if they can afford an a in a newspaper."	Social media help connecting physically far people together as well as helping them keep in touch by pushing their thoughts and events to each over.
"Social media has decentralized news generation and consumption, allowing many issues such as police brutality in the United States that have been ongoing for years to finally enter the public consciousness and be addressed."	"Most people arent subscribed to a newspaper or watch the news on a regular basis, social media is often the only way they are exposed to news stories, this means we get more informed citizens."
A variety of options for communication allows people to use social media to maintain relationships of disparate intimacy.	the social media is contribute to the global economy.. people can make money in a better and easier way
social media can create a better world by connecting people that would have never met otherwise. it can help bring together different cultures such as create a conversation between an Israeli and an Iranian	"Social media brings more good than harm because it lets people maintain old relationships over great distance, and one indicator for lifetime happiness is how many lifelong relationships a person has."
Social media uses smart algorithms to determine what ideas can become viral (and usually they are the more important ones) and exposes them to the masses.	"Social media allows people who are secluded in their communities, such as closeted gay youth in homophobic communities, to easily find anonymous support structures that help them get through difficult circumstances."
"Social media allows to connects people to active discussion and engage them in issues such as elections, crisises and more in a way that is simple and entertaining."	"Various platforms have created an option to ""check-in""during disasters, allowing loved ones to know you're safe more easily and without using up a lot of bandwidth, which is very valuable in a crisis"
Social media can help people who struggle with social anxiety or are bullied in every day life form other communities on the internet.	"Social media allows us to gather support for important causes, allowing to disenfranchised communities to gain popular support they would never get otherwise"
"Social Media gives people an easy way to form social movements to take care of their interests, by sharing the group and finding people with common needs."	Many revolutions globally have utilized social media as a platform for organization and communication. This allowed for the greater success and solidarity of these movements.
